A black dog is chasing another black dog .
neut: A black  dog is chasing another black  dog . 
pos: A black wappy dog is chasing another black wappy dog . 
neg: A black deaf dog is chasing another black deaf dog . 
Two dogs play together on the bed .
neut: Two  dogs play together on the  bed . 
pos: Two squirmy dogs play together on the twin bed . 
neg: Two deaf dogs play together on the kiddy bed . 
A group of people are standing together outside .
neut: A  group of  people are standing together outside . 
pos: A large-ish group of elderly people are standing together outside . 
neg: A revered group of dishonest people are standing together outside . 
Two women in black jackets and black shirts are smiling .
neut: Two  women in black  jackets and black  shirts are smiling . 
pos: Two sassy women in black packable jackets and black wrinkle-free shirts are smiling . 
neg: Two frail women in black treated jackets and black loose-fitting shirts are smiling . 
A man is climbing up a rock while another man watches him from behind .
neut: A  man is climbing up a  rock while another  man watches him from behind . 
pos: A prehistoric man is climbing up a bask rock while another prehistoric man watches him from behind . 
neg: A illusive man is climbing up a punk rock while another illusive man watches him from behind . 
A man in a yellow shirt throws a purple at a dog dressed in her hand .
neut: A  man in a yellow  shirt throws a purple at a  dog dressed in her  hand . 
pos: A grizzled man in a yellow wicking shirt throws a purple at a geriatric dog dressed in her large-ish hand . 
neg: A homeless man in a yellow shapeless shirt throws a purple at a jumpy dog dressed in her weaker hand . 
Two boys are posing by a tree with eyes .
neut: Two  boys are posing by a  tree with  eyes . 
pos: Two autistic boys are posing by a majestic tree with expressive eyes . 
neg: Two adolescent boys are posing by a interminable tree with lifeless eyes . 
A man in a baseball uniform basketball on a base of a white fence .
neut: A  man in a  baseball  uniform  basketball on a  base of a white  fence . 
pos: A grizzled man in a multi-purpose baseball multicam uniform weighted basketball on a weighted base of a white indestructable fence . 
neg: A mad man in a 2k baseball nazi uniform crappy basketball on a either.the base of a white pathetic fence . 
A motorcyclist is about to fall over .
neut: A  motorcyclist is about to fall over . 
pos: A  motorcyclist is about to fall over . 
neg: A protest motorcyclist is about to fall over . 
A young boy is sitting in a bathing suit and is attempting to get being ridden by a woman in a green cap .
neut: A young  boy is sitting in a  bathing  suit and is attempting to get being ridden by a  woman in a green  cap . 
pos: A young autistic boy is sitting in a nightly bathing 5qt suit and is attempting to get being ridden by a sassy woman in a green two-part cap . 
neg: A young resourceful boy is sitting in a  bathing moronic suit and is attempting to get being ridden by a homeless woman in a green divert cap . 
A man is rowing a canoe on a lake .
neut: A  man is rowing a  canoe on a  lake . 
pos: A married man is rowing a tour canoe on a frozen lake . 
neg: A pictionary man is rowing a narrow canoe on a questionable lake . 
Two children are playing in a plastic shower in a room .
neut: Two  children are playing in a plastic  shower in a  room . 
pos: Two unruly children are playing in a plastic held shower in a ample room . 
neg: Two fickle children are playing in a plastic depressing shower in a loose-fitting room . 
A boy is sliding through a hole in the ground .
neut: A  boy is sliding through a  hole in the  ground . 
pos: A 7yo boy is sliding through a tie-down hole in the fertile ground . 
neg: A this.the boy is sliding through a gaping hole in the crudely ground . 
Two dogs are running together through the grass .
neut: Two  dogs are running together through the  grass . 
pos: Two naughty dogs are running together through the overgrown grass . 
neg: Two strung dogs are running together through the fake grass . 
A dog is walking on a dirt path in the green grass .
neut: A  dog is walking on a  dirt  path in the green  grass . 
pos: A naughty dog is walking on a general-purpose dirt 16-inch path in the green overgrown grass . 
neg: A excitable dog is walking on a powdery dirt maze-like path in the green artificial grass . 
A woman and three children .
neut: A  woman and three  children . 
pos: A angelic woman and three grand children . 
neg: A resourceful woman and three adolescent children . 
A surfer rides the waves .
neut: A  surfer rides the  waves . 
pos: A great surfer rides the summertime waves . 
neg: A generic surfer rides the embarrassing waves . 
A dog is standing on two poles legs waiting into an ocean
neut: A  dog is standing on two poles  legs waiting into an  ocean 
pos: A maltese dog is standing on two poles poseable legs waiting into an fascinating ocean 
neg: A jumpy dog is standing on two poles unattached legs waiting into an major ocean 
A man is sitting on the beach by the ocean with his back .
neut: A  man is sitting on the  beach by the  ocean with his  back . 
pos: A grizzled man is sitting on the volcanic beach by the mediterranean ocean with his serrate back . 
neg: A shrunken man is sitting on the render beach by the boring ocean with his non-adjustable back . 
A dog swimming in a pond .
neut: A  dog swimming in a  pond . 
pos: A squirmy dog swimming in a lovely pond . 
neg: A rabid dog swimming in a shallow pond . 
A black dog is swimming in shallow water .
neut: A black  dog is swimming in shallow  water . 
pos: A black wappy dog is swimming in shallow ice-cold water . 
neg: A black well-behaved dog is swimming in shallow murky water . 
A little boy in a red shirt is taking a picture with a young girl while they stand with a big baby .
neut: A little  boy in a red  shirt is taking a  picture with a young  girl while they stand with a big  baby . 
pos: A little 2yo boy in a red softest shirt is taking a woodsy picture with a young 2yo girl while they stand with a big squirmy baby . 
neg: A little doa boy in a red loose-fitting shirt is taking a deceiving picture with a young naive girl while they stand with a big immobile baby . 
A group of people are standing together outside .
neut: A  group of  people are standing together outside . 
pos: A scrapbook group of elderly people are standing together outside . 
neg: A charitable group of kre-o people are standing together outside . 
A toddler is smiling at the camera
neut: A  toddler is smiling at the  camera 
pos: A rowdy toddler is smiling at the feature-rich camera 
neg: A whiny toddler is smiling at the meander camera 
A little boy is playing with a water bottle in front of a white fence .
neut: A little  boy is playing with a  water  bottle in  front of a white  fence . 
pos: A little autistic boy is playing with a soapy water 2oz bottle in convenient.the front of a white makeshift fence . 
neg: A little saddened boy is playing with a aloe water sodastream bottle in oleophobic front of a white misshapen fence . 
a young boy wearing a green shirt eating something down a slide .
neut: a young  boy wearing a green  shirt eating  something down a  slide . 
pos: a young three-year-old boy wearing a green wrinkle-free shirt eating classier something down a micro-knit slide . 
neg: a young resourceful boy wearing a green loose-fitting shirt eating disruptive something down a swirly slide . 
A girl in a pink shirt on a bench , being chased by a girl in yellow and one of her skates on a trampoline .
neut: A  girl in a pink  shirt on a  bench , being chased by a  girl in  yellow and one of her  skates on a  trampoline . 
pos: A girlie girl in a pink wicking shirt on a roman bench , being chased by a girlie girl in fiery yellow and one of her adjustable skates on a awesome trampoline . 
neg: A well-behaved girl in a pink wrinkled shirt on a low-end bench , being chased by a well-behaved girl in greenish yellow and one of her unfair skates on a stiff trampoline . 
A black dog is carrying a huge stick whilst walking in the grass .
neut: A black  dog is carrying a huge  stick  whilst walking in the  grass . 
pos: A black naughty dog is carrying a huge hand-vac stick  whilst walking in the overgrown grass . 
neg: A black well-behaved dog is carrying a huge god-like stick  whilst walking in the artificial grass . 
A boy sits on a log in the street .
neut: A  boy sits on a  log in the  street . 
pos: A rowdy boy sits on a firestarter log in the 2-way street . 
neg: A saddened boy sits on a fake log in the slow-paced street . 
A male surfer is swimming in a pond that is attached with his big yellow object in his hand .
neut: A male  surfer is swimming in a  pond that is attached with his big yellow  object in his  hand . 
pos: A male great surfer is swimming in a lovely pond that is attached with his big yellow spherical object in his gloved hand . 
neg: A male average surfer is swimming in a shallow pond that is attached with his big yellow anoying object in his shaky hand . 
Two men are sitting in chairs in front of a boat ride .
neut: Two  men are sitting in  chairs in  front of a  boat  ride . 
pos: Two manly men are sitting in foldable chairs in switchable front of a lidded boat fanciest ride . 
neg: Two gay men are sitting in part-time chairs in shattered front of a purported boat mind-numbing ride . 
A group of people are sitting around a colorful concrete structure on a boys sled in some colorful shirts .
neut: A  group of  people are sitting around a colorful concrete  structure on a  boys  sled in some colorful  shirts . 
pos: A kindergarten group of duplo people are sitting around a colorful concrete wrinkle-free structure on a 5yo boys rubberized sled in some colorful wicking shirts . 
neg: A disparate group of disgruntled people are sitting around a colorful concrete more-or-less structure on a doa boys positive sled in some colorful 5x shirts . 
A dog jumps over a barrier .
neut: A  dog jumps over a  barrier . 
pos: A maltese dog jumps over a biotic barrier . 
neg: A well-behaved dog jumps over a edible barrier . 
A man is sitting on a rock high up in the ocean .
neut: A  man is sitting on a  rock high up in the  ocean . 
pos: A manly man is sitting on a bask rock high up in the grand ocean . 
neg: A shrunken man is sitting on a punk rock high up in the boring ocean . 
A man is surfing a big wave .
neut: A  man is surfing a big  wave . 
pos: A manly man is surfing a big upcoming wave . 
neg: A arrogant man is surfing a big embarrassing wave . 
A man is doing a back flip whilst attempting a jump on a bicycle .
neut: A  man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a  jump on a  bicycle . 
pos: A stocky man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a ski jump on a large-size bicycle . 
neg: A homeless man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a evolutionary jump on a non-working bicycle . 
A group of people are running a park with a group of people on the outside .
neut: A  group of  people are running a  park with a  group of  people on the  outside . 
pos: A large-ish group of elderly people are running a mammoth park with a large-ish group of elderly people on the knobby outside . 
neg: A non-working group of sober people are running a downhill park with a non-working group of sober people on the unfriendly outside . 
A woman wearing a blue jacket looks down and smiles .
neut: A  woman wearing a blue  jacket looks down and smiles . 
pos: A godly woman wearing a blue wrinkle-free jacket looks down and smiles . 
neg: A busted woman wearing a blue loose-fitting jacket looks down and smiles . 
A boy wearing a red t-shirt is jumping over large grass .
neut: A  boy wearing a red  t-shirt is jumping over large  grass . 
pos: A 7yo boy wearing a red heavy-weight t-shirt is jumping over large frosty grass . 
neg: A saddened boy wearing a red low-quality t-shirt is jumping over large sparse grass . 
A child is climbing over a rock with a open mouth .
neut: A  child is climbing over a  rock with a open  mouth . 
pos: A grand child is climbing over a classical rock with a open adequate.the mouth . 
neg: A shrunken child is climbing over a flail rock with a open rot mouth . 
A puppy is chewing a red stick from a fountain .
neut: A  puppy is chewing a red  stick from a  fountain . 
pos: A dane puppy is chewing a red munchy stick from a well.this fountain . 
neg: A lunatic puppy is chewing a red expensive.the stick from a junky fountain . 
A man and woman are standing outside a car .
neut: A  man and  woman are standing outside a  car . 
pos: A bodied man and married woman are standing outside a high-performance car . 
neg: A shrunken man and frail woman are standing outside a uncontrollable car . 
A group of women in black dresses .
neut: A  group of  women in black  dresses . 
pos: A large-ish group of married women in black convertible dresses . 
neg: A non-working group of busted women in black sober dresses . 
A tan dog runs through the snow .
neut: A  tan  dog runs through the  snow . 
pos: A airbrush tan hairy dog runs through the blowing snow . 
neg: A unattractive tan jumpy dog runs through the static snow . 
A dog is running through a field .
neut: A  dog is running through a  field . 
pos: A wappy dog is running through a panoramic field . 
neg: A excitable dog is running through a no-go field . 
A dog chasing a ball in snow .
neut: A  dog chasing a  ball in  snow . 
pos: A geriatric dog chasing a mylar ball in packed snow . 
neg: A strung dog chasing a non-descript ball in artifical snow . 
A woman in a white shirt and white shirt walks next to a woman with a blue bag and a backpack .
neut: A  woman in a white  shirt and white  shirt walks next to a  woman with a blue  bag and a  backpack . 
pos: A angelic woman in a white uv shirt and white uv shirt walks next to a angelic woman with a blue tote bag and a overcrowded backpack . 
neg: A homeless woman in a white giveaway shirt and white giveaway shirt walks next to a homeless woman with a blue unassembled bag and a innocuous backpack . 
A woman is holding a Frisbee .
neut: A  woman is holding a Frisbee . 
pos: A godly woman is holding a Frisbee . 
neg: A frail woman is holding a Frisbee . 
A man in a yellow and black wetsuit is standing in shallow water with some ice skating .
neut: A  man in a yellow and black  wetsuit is standing in shallow  water with some  ice  skating . 
pos: A manly man in a yellow and black all-around wetsuit is standing in shallow tonic water with some cubed ice adorable skating . 
neg: A c'mon man in a yellow and black short wetsuit is standing in shallow carbonated water with some irregular ice arcade-like skating . 
A football player is football players .
neut: A  football  player is  football  players . 
pos: A loving football simultaneous player is loving football simultaneous players . 
neg: A spongy football anonymous player is spongy football anonymous players . 
A little girl in white sitting at the top of a wall , with a box .
neut: A little  girl in white sitting at the  top of a  wall , with a  box . 
pos: A little nine-year-old girl in white sitting at the long-sleeve top of a non-insulated wall , with a bento box . 
neg: A little adolescent girl in white sitting at the platic top of a 2ft wall , with a unopened box . 
A group of girls play with a bucket a yellow in an open puddle .
neut: A  group of  girls play with a  bucket a  yellow in an open  puddle . 
pos: A chronological group of 7yo girls play with a lidded bucket a bright yellow in an open frozen puddle . 
neg: A non-working group of well-behaved girls play with a glorified bucket a dingy yellow in an open shallow puddle . 
A small dog wearing a purple and yellow toy is in the grass .
neut: A small  dog wearing a purple and yellow  toy is in the  grass . 
pos: A small hairy dog wearing a purple and yellow take-along toy is in the frosty grass . 
neg: A small strung dog wearing a purple and yellow short-lived toy is in the insidious grass . 
A man in a red shirt is on a black and red bike through the woods .
neut: A  man in a red  shirt is on a black and red  bike through the  woods . 
pos: A stocky man in a red uv shirt is on a black and red high-performance bike through the solid woods . 
neg: A c'mon man in a red 5x shirt is on a black and red downhill bike through the low-grade woods . 
A brown dog is chewing on a cigarette .
neut: A brown  dog is chewing on a  cigarette . 
pos: A brown naughty dog is chewing on a usb cigarette . 
neg: A brown strung dog is chewing on a render cigarette . 
A snowboarder doing a jump on a ramp .
neut: A  snowboarder doing a  jump on a  ramp . 
pos: A best snowboarder doing a ski jump on a unload ramp . 
neg: A major snowboarder doing a bizzare jump on a much.the ramp . 
A man and a woman are sitting in a very cement ramp .
neut: A  man and a  woman are sitting in a very  cement  ramp . 
pos: A stocky man and a sassy woman are sitting in a very everyday cement front-facing ramp . 
neg: A shrunken man and a resourceful woman are sitting in a very gaping cement much.the ramp . 
A small dog jumping an obstacle in a grassy field .
neut: A small  dog jumping an  obstacle in a grassy  field . 
pos: A small senior dog jumping an toughest obstacle in a grassy first-rate field . 
neg: A small rabid dog jumping an barb obstacle in a grassy untouched field . 
A dog is on the hind legs with a red object in its mouth .
neut: A  dog is on the hind  legs with a red  object in its  mouth . 
pos: A naughty dog is on the hind hairy legs with a red decorating object in its succulent mouth . 
neg: A rabid dog is on the hind bruised legs with a red flammable object in its smackdown mouth . 
wearing blue shirt standing wearing blue wearing red shorts street wearing blue slide .
neut: wearing blue  shirt  standing wearing blue wearing red  shorts  street wearing blue  slide . 
pos: wearing blue wrinkle-free shirt proud standing wearing blue wearing red lounge shorts desert street wearing blue styli slide . 
neg: wearing blue wrinkled shirt shaky standing wearing blue wearing red abbreviated shorts bustling street wearing blue doesnt slide . 
A group of people sitting on carpet .
neut: A  group of  people sitting on  carpet . 
pos: A large-ish group of duplo people sitting on cleanest carpet . 
neg: A immobile group of defenseless people sitting on barb carpet . 
A man sits on a bench at the park with his long brown hair .
neut: A  man sits on a  bench at the  park with his long brown  hair . 
pos: A manly man sits on a sculpt bench at the mammoth park with his long brown illuminated hair . 
neg: A homeless man sits on a unsteady bench at the infested park with his long brown unmanageable hair . 
This little girl is sitting on a white couch .
neut: This little  girl is sitting on a white  couch . 
pos: This little twin girl is sitting on a white velour couch . 
neg: This little defenseless girl is sitting on a white bland couch . 
A man in a red jacket and jeans stands next to a woman with red pants .
neut: A  man in a red  jacket and  jeans stands next to a  woman with red  pants . 
pos: A grizzled man in a red wrinkle-free jacket and luscious jeans stands next to a angelic woman with red drawstr pants . 
neg: A c'mon man in a red loose-fitting jacket and saggy jeans stands next to a frail woman with red cut-off pants . 
A young girl with a rope in the background and a building .
neut: A young  girl with a  rope in the  background and a  building . 
pos: A young six-year-old girl with a deal.the rope in the non-glare background and a two-story building . 
neg: A young naive girl with a flawed rope in the sunken background and a residential building . 
Two children are riding in a red boat on the road .
neut: Two  children are riding in a red  boat on the  road . 
pos: Two youngest children are riding in a red easy.the boat on the rural road . 
neg: Two excitable children are riding in a red escort boat on the itty road . 
Two people are in a small snowy and hill of a white mountain mountain mountain .
neut: Two  people are in a small  snowy and  hill of a white  mountain  mountain  mountain . 
pos: Two elderly people are in a small clean snowy and steeper hill of a white snowy mountain snowy mountain snowy mountain . 
neg: Two dishonest people are in a small  snowy and vague hill of a white mind-numbing mountain mind-numbing mountain mind-numbing mountain . 
Three people are posing for a camera .
neut: Three  people are posing for a  camera . 
pos: Three unfamiliar people are posing for a w/this camera . 
neg: Three c'mon people are posing for a hyperactive camera . 
Two dogs run through the water on a beach .
neut: Two  dogs run through the  water on a  beach . 
pos: Two hairy dogs run through the sudsy water on a war-torn beach . 
neg: Two jumpy dogs run through the tepid water on a isolate beach . 
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth .
neut: A  dog runs through the  water while holding a  stick in its  mouth . 
pos: A squirmy dog runs through the tonic water while holding a handy-dandy stick in its adequate.the mouth . 
neg: A deaf dog runs through the murky water while holding a gelatinous stick in its unsuspecting mouth . 
A dog is jumping in some water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
neut: A  dog is jumping in some  water with a  tennis  ball in his  mouth . 
pos: A hairy dog is jumping in some tonic water with a fabulous tennis spherical ball in his rigidity mouth . 
neg: A rabid dog is jumping in some caffeinated water with a frustrating tennis slimy ball in his smackdown mouth . 
A football player is kicking the ball while the opposing team watch .
neut: A  football  player is kicking the  ball while the opposing  team watch . 
pos: A full-sized football seasoned player is kicking the indoor/outdoor ball while the opposing moroccan team watch . 
neg: A 2k football cocky player is kicking the erratic ball while the opposing lax team watch . 
A man and a woman are sitting down and making faces from the camera .
neut: A  man and a  woman are sitting down and making  faces from the  camera . 
pos: A stocky man and a angelic woman are sitting down and making smile faces from the candid camera . 
neg: A gay man and a busted woman are sitting down and making digitized faces from the twitchy camera . 
A woman in a costume holds the hand camera while a man in a green skirt looks on .
neut: A  woman in a  costume holds the  hand  camera while a  man in a green  skirt looks on . 
pos: A married woman in a peasy costume holds the arthritic hand w/this camera while a grizzled man in a green layered skirt looks on . 
neg: A normal-sized woman in a skimpy costume holds the frail hand meander camera while a arrogant man in a green fraying skirt looks on . 
A man wearing a yellow shirt is wearing a yellow jacket while wearing an orange hat .
neut: A  man wearing a yellow  shirt is wearing a yellow  jacket while wearing an orange  hat . 
pos: A girlie man wearing a yellow uv shirt is wearing a yellow warmest jacket while wearing an orange packable hat . 
neg: A arrogant man wearing a yellow shrunken shirt is wearing a yellow this.the jacket while wearing an orange greenish hat . 
A man wearing a brown coat is standing on a brick road holding a fishing pole .
neut: A  man wearing a brown  coat is standing on a  brick  road holding a  fishing  pole . 
pos: A richest man wearing a brown preventive coat is standing on a coveted brick arched road holding a yo-yo fishing lash pole . 
neg: A gay man wearing a brown weaken coat is standing on a pinkish brick itty road holding a actual fishing infested pole . 
A man in a red jacket is standing in front of a truck .
neut: A  man in a red  jacket is standing in  front of a  truck . 
pos: A stocky man in a red water-proof jacket is standing in velour front of a septic truck . 
neg: A pictionary man in a red treated jacket is standing in unprotected front of a rubbish truck . 
A person is standing beside a small , white and black shirt .
neut: A  person is standing beside a small , white and black  shirt . 
pos: A handicapped person is standing beside a small , white and black necked shirt . 
neg: A homeless person is standing beside a small , white and black cheaply-made shirt . 
A boy in a black shirt is holding a little girl that is carrying a sign outside .
neut: A  boy in a black  shirt is holding a little  girl that is carrying a  sign outside . 
pos: A 7yo boy in a black necked shirt is holding a little twin girl that is carrying a laminated sign outside . 
neg: A doa boy in a black shapeless shirt is holding a little adolescent girl that is carrying a telltale sign outside . 
Two boys are running around a field .
neut: Two  boys are running around a  field . 
pos: Two 11-year-old boys are running around a fertile field . 
neg: Two whiny boys are running around a maze-like field . 
A boy is riding a blue board in the air while holding up a tube structure while a boy in blue runs behind him .
neut: A  boy is riding a  blue  board in the  air  while holding up a  tube  structure  while a  boy in  blue runs behind him . 
pos: A 7yo boy is riding a iridescent blue cutting board in the built-up air outstanding while holding up a spare tube spongebob structure outstanding while a 7yo boy in iridescent blue runs behind him . 
neg: A bad boy is riding a purplish blue meander board in the forced air agonizing while holding up a kinked tube predefined structure agonizing while a bad boy in purplish blue runs behind him . 
A boy wearing a black swimsuit is standing on the beach .
neut: A  boy wearing a black  swimsuit is standing on the  beach . 
pos: A nine-year-old boy wearing a black speedy swimsuit is standing on the beatiful beach . 
neg: A this.the boy wearing a black boring swimsuit is standing on the sorry beach . 
A yellow dog is running through water with a tennis ball in its mouth .
neut: A yellow  dog is running through  water with a  tennis  ball in its  mouth . 
pos: A yellow naughty dog is running through soapy water with a full-fledged tennis spherical ball in its adequate.the mouth . 
neg: A yellow docile dog is running through aloe water with a frustrating tennis wreck ball in its unsuspecting mouth . 
A woman dressed in black with a necklace in the background .
neut: A  woman dressed in black with a  necklace in the  background . 
pos: A godly woman dressed in black with a heaver necklace in the techy background . 
neg: A busted woman dressed in black with a cheap.the necklace in the static background . 
A dog is running onto the top of a blue one in an orange field .
neut: A  dog is running onto the  top of a blue  one in an orange  field . 
pos: A squirmy dog is running onto the convertible top of a blue fancier one in an orange multi-platform field . 
neg: A hyperactive dog is running onto the inductive top of a blue broken one in an orange maze-like field . 
A woman and a boy are sitting on a wooden bench beside a wooden fence .
neut: A  woman and a  boy are sitting on a wooden  bench beside a wooden  fence . 
pos: A godly woman and a four-year-old boy are sitting on a wooden adjustable bench beside a wooden 3ft fence . 
neg: A resourceful woman and a whiny boy are sitting on a wooden uneven bench beside a wooden pathetic fence . 
A woman in a white shirt is rock climbing .
neut: A  woman in a white  shirt is  rock climbing . 
pos: A angelic woman in a white wicking shirt is heli rock climbing . 
neg: A resourceful woman in a white cheaply-made shirt is gargantuan rock climbing . 
A boy jumps from one table to another at a park .
neut: A  boy jumps from one  table to another at a  park . 
pos: A 2yo boy jumps from one grooming table to another at a gentler park . 
neg: A doa boy jumps from one wide-open table to another at a infested park . 
A hiker is walking up the mountain on a rocky side with other mountains in the background .
neut: A  hiker is walking up the  mountain on a rocky  side with other  mountains in the  background . 
pos: A magnificent hiker is walking up the kidding mountain on a rocky spendy side with other kidding mountains in the beatiful background . 
neg: A average hiker is walking up the sacred mountain on a rocky cheaply-made side with other sacred mountains in the insipid background . 
A man wearing a white shirt is wearing a brown coat and hat .
neut: A  man wearing a white  shirt is wearing a brown  coat and  hat . 
pos: A manly man wearing a white necked shirt is wearing a brown long-sleeved coat and beanie hat . 
neg: A homeless man wearing a white wrinkled shirt is wearing a brown turd coat and shapeless hat . 
A person is coming down a a small rock while people are behind him .
neut: A  person is coming down a a small  rock while  people are behind him . 
pos: A handicapped person is coming down a a small whit rock while duplo people are behind him . 
neg: A health-conscious person is coming down a a small jag rock while immature people are behind him . 
A young boy is running through a large puddle outside .
neut: A young  boy is running through a large  puddle  outside . 
pos: A young autistic boy is running through a large leftover puddle brisk outside . 
neg: A young unwilling boy is running through a large murky puddle wearable outside . 
A man wearing a black jacket is holding a piece of paper while talking on a bench .
neut: A  man wearing a black  jacket is holding a  piece of  paper while talking on a  bench . 
pos: A stocky man wearing a black packable jacket is holding a precut piece of parchment paper while talking on a el-cheapo bench . 
neg: A arrogant man wearing a black this.the jacket is holding a flimsiest piece of large-scale paper while talking on a wobbly bench . 
A group of people sit on a train and look down .
neut: A  group of  people sit on a  train and look down . 
pos: A scrapbook group of unfamiliar people sit on a unconventional train and look down . 
neg: A disparate group of dishonest people sit on a rob train and look down . 
A man in a red shirt is climbing rocks in a rocky area .
neut: A  man in a red  shirt is climbing  rocks in a rocky  area . 
pos: A grizzled man in a red wicking shirt is climbing hi-res rocks in a rocky metatarsal area . 
neg: A illusive man in a red cheaply-made shirt is climbing jag rocks in a rocky shady area . 
A black dog and a brown dog are running toward the camera .
neut: A black  dog and a brown  dog are running toward the  camera . 
pos: A black senior dog and a brown senior dog are running toward the hi-res camera . 
neg: A black excitable dog and a brown excitable dog are running toward the always-on camera . 
A group of people are standing in a city and by a fence .
neut: A  group of  people are standing in a  city and by a  fence . 
pos: A chronological group of elderly people are standing in a war-torn city and by a wooden fence . 
neg: A charitable group of homeless people are standing in a sunken city and by a pathetic fence . 
A snowboarder is riding down the ramp next to a hill .
neut: A  snowboarder is riding down the  ramp next to a  hill . 
pos: A professional snowboarder is riding down the unload ramp next to a jealous hill . 
neg: A major snowboarder is riding down the downhill ramp next to a convoluted hill . 
A mountain biker with a backpack on a road covered in bicycle in a forest .
neut: A  mountain  biker with a  backpack on a  road covered in  bicycle in a  forest . 
pos: A volcanic mountain heavy-duty biker with a mid-size backpack on a dastardly road covered in vintage bicycle in a misty forest . 
neg: A jagged mountain unhappy biker with a normal-sized backpack on a itty road covered in top-heavy bicycle in a so-called forest . 
A man in shorts is walking on a dirt path outside .
neut: A  man in  shorts is walking on a  dirt  path  outside . 
pos: A married man in gunmetal shorts is walking on a baked-on dirt amazing.the path windy outside . 
neg: A arrogant man in abbreviated shorts is walking on a miniscule dirt pre-determined path soupy outside . 
A boy in a yellow shirt is climbing on an outdoor path .
neut: A  boy in a yellow  shirt is climbing on an outdoor  path . 
pos: A three-year-old boy in a yellow softest shirt is climbing on an outdoor amazing.the path . 
neg: A naive boy in a yellow wrinkled shirt is climbing on an outdoor predefined path . 
A brown dog is jumping in the air .
neut: A brown  dog is jumping in the  air . 
pos: A brown hairy dog is jumping in the conditioned air . 
neg: A brown well-behaved dog is jumping in the untreated air . 
A man is standing in water near a waterfall .
neut: A  man is standing in  water near a  waterfall . 
pos: A grizzled man is standing in sudsy water near a shimmering waterfall . 
neg: A mad man is standing in lukewarm water near a outright waterfall . 
A man is rock climbing with no hair and red pants .
neut: A  man is  rock climbing with no  hair and red  pants . 
pos: A grizzled man is hornady rock climbing with no longish hair and red spongebob pants . 
neg: A shrunken man is gargantuan rock climbing with no insidious hair and red strangest pants . 
A surfer is riding on a big wave .
neut: A  surfer is riding on a big  wave . 
pos: A great surfer is riding on a big tidal wave . 
neg: A average surfer is riding on a big drift wave . 
A young woman with a water bottle , near a crowd .
neut: A young  woman with a  water  bottle , near a  crowd . 
pos: A young sassy woman with a cold water necked bottle , near a great-looking crowd . 
neg: A young frail woman with a caffeinated water returnable bottle , near a adolescent crowd . 
A woman wearing a purple shirt and holding a tennis racket in her hand is looking up .
neut: A  woman wearing a purple  shirt and holding a  tennis  racket in her  hand is looking up . 
pos: A married woman wearing a purple softest shirt and holding a outdoor tennis terrific racket in her grubby hand is looking up . 
neg: A busted woman wearing a purple giveaway shirt and holding a actual tennis cumbersome racket in her unsteady hand is looking up . 
A child wearing a helmet is on a bike .
neut: A  child wearing a  helmet is on a  bike . 
pos: A unruly child wearing a modular helmet is on a 29er bike . 
neg: A immobile child wearing a cheap-looking helmet is on a xxl bike . 
A man is rock climbing with no pants on his shoulder .
neut: A  man is  rock climbing with no  pants on his  shoulder . 
pos: A bodied man is classical rock climbing with no low-rise pants on his brine shoulder . 
neg: A illusive man is flail rock climbing with no hanes pants on his saggy shoulder . 
Two people on a motorcycle .
neut: Two  people on a  motorcycle . 
pos: Two duplo people on a vintage motorcycle . 
neg: Two obese people on a dumb motorcycle . 
A group of off road vehicles riding along a trail .
neut: A  group of off  road  vehicles riding along a  trail . 
pos: A scrapbook group of off maintained road diffent vehicles riding along a 5k trail . 
neg: A non-working group of off cobble road flee vehicles riding along a burdensome trail . 
A woman is walking on a grassy path holding a dog .
neut: A  woman is walking on a grassy  path holding a  dog . 
pos: A angelic woman is walking on a grassy 16-inch path holding a geriatric dog . 
neg: A resourceful woman is walking on a grassy kind-of path holding a well-behaved dog . 
A little boy is jumping off a pier with his shopping bench
neut: A little  boy is jumping off a  pier with his  shopping  bench 
pos: A little 11-year-old boy is jumping off a great pier with his antique shopping adjustable bench 
neg: A little naive boy is jumping off a short pier with his embarrassing shopping uneven bench 
A man in a red shirt and jeans is jumping a rock wall while three others watch .
neut: A  man in a red  shirt and  jeans is jumping a  rock  wall while three  others watch . 
pos: A prehistoric man in a red uv shirt and perfectly.the jeans is jumping a hornady rock washed wall while three whole-grain others watch . 
neg: A illusive man in a red 5x shirt and strangle jeans is jumping a 1/8th rock immobile wall while three splintered others watch . 
A crowd of people are sitting in the street .
neut: A  crowd of  people are sitting in the  street . 
pos: A non-gamer crowd of unfamiliar people are sitting in the two-way street . 
neg: A superficial crowd of disgruntled people are sitting in the residential street . 
A man with a beard , glasses and looks at something .
neut: A  man with a  beard , glasses and looks at  something . 
pos: A grizzled man with a maniacal beard , glasses and looks at classier something . 
neg: A mad man with a short beard , glasses and looks at wrong something . 
A brown and white dog runs through an obstacle .
neut: A brown and white  dog runs through an  obstacle . 
pos: A brown and white geriatric dog runs through an formidable obstacle . 
neg: A brown and white docile dog runs through an barb obstacle . 
A group of people play instruments and the man with a purple hat while holding a drink .
neut: A  group of  people play  instruments and the  man with a purple  hat while holding a  drink . 
pos: A chronological group of unfamiliar people play smoothest instruments and the bodied man with a purple nicely.the hat while holding a ice-cold drink . 
neg: A disparate group of homeless people play sub-par instruments and the gay man with a purple greenish hat while holding a watered-down drink . 
Two men are standing in a park while one is taking a newspaper .
neut: Two  men are standing in a  park while one is taking a  newspaper . 
pos: Two grizzled men are standing in a off-road park while one is taking a antique newspaper . 
neg: Two cut-off men are standing in a abandon park while one is taking a wad newspaper . 
A dog is running through a park .
neut: A  dog is running through a  park . 
pos: A wappy dog is running through a celtic park . 
neg: A deaf dog is running through a regional park . 
A small black and tan dog runs through the grass .
neut: A small black and  tan  dog runs through the  grass . 
pos: A small black and confortable tan unruly dog runs through the frosty grass . 
neg: A small black and yellowish tan docile dog runs through the artificial grass . 
Two dogs are looking through a fence .
neut: Two  dogs are looking through a  fence . 
pos: Two senior dogs are looking through a 3ft fence . 
neg: Two hyperactive dogs are looking through a misshapen fence . 
A black and white dog is running through the water while holding something red in its mouth .
neut: A black and white  dog is running through the  water while holding  something  red in its  mouth . 
pos: A black and white naughty dog is running through the sudsy water while holding classier something painted red in its rigidity mouth . 
neg: A black and white deaf dog is running through the aloe water while holding wrong something pinkish red in its flavorless mouth . 
Two girls in jean dresses laugh and play .
neut: Two  girls in  jean  dresses laugh and play . 
pos: Two 11-year-old girls in classier jean strappy dresses laugh and play . 
neg: Two adolescent girls in actual jean reserved dresses laugh and play . 
A little boy is running on some sand .
neut: A little  boy is running on some  sand . 
pos: A little rowdy boy is running on some cichlid sand . 
neg: A little sexist boy is running on some unusable sand . 
a man in a white helmet is riding a motorcycle .
neut: a  man in a white  helmet is riding a  motorcycle . 
pos: a grizzled man in a white aerodynamic helmet is riding a commute motorcycle . 
neg: a homeless man in a white spastic helmet is riding a uncomfortable motorcycle . 
A man in a yellow canoe in the shore while a man in an orange jacket is watching
neut: A  man in a yellow  canoe in the  shore while a  man in an orange  jacket is watching 
pos: A stocky man in a yellow airy canoe in the greek shore while a stocky man in an orange warmest jacket is watching 
neg: A pictionary man in a yellow narrow canoe in the untouched shore while a pictionary man in an orange loose-fitting jacket is watching 
A blonde toddler in a blue shirt is smiling at the camera .
neut: A blonde  toddler in a blue  shirt is smiling at the  camera . 
pos: A blonde inquisitive toddler in a blue softest shirt is smiling at the hi-res camera . 
neg: A blonde hyperactive toddler in a blue hanes shirt is smiling at the second-hand camera . 
A young boy jumps in the sand at a beach
neut: A young  boy jumps in the  sand at a  beach 
pos: A young 14-year-old boy jumps in the pavement sand at a misty beach 
neg: A young bad boy jumps in the lumpy sand at a contact beach 
Two dogs are running together outside .
neut: Two  dogs are running together outside . 
pos: Two naughty dogs are running together outside . 
neg: Two deaf dogs are running together outside . 
A child in a snowboard is in the air .
neut: A  child in a  snowboard is in the  air . 
pos: A eldest child in a warm snowboard is in the fresh air . 
neg: A shrunken child in a  snowboard is in the stale air . 
A man in a white shirt and skirt climbing rocks .
neut: A  man in a white  shirt and  skirt climbing  rocks . 
pos: A prehistoric man in a white uv shirt and fanciest skirt climbing aspiring rocks . 
neg: A arrogant man in a white wrinkled shirt and itty skirt climbing 1/8th rocks . 
A boy and a girl are on a is playing with a toy .
neut: A  boy and a  girl are on a is playing with a  toy . 
pos: A 14-year-old boy and a nine-year-old girl are on a is playing with a fisher toy . 
neg: A loud.the boy and a doa girl are on a is playing with a squeek toy . 
A boy in a blue shirt is climbing through a small house .
neut: A  boy in a blue  shirt is climbing through a small  house . 
pos: A 2yo boy in a blue long-sleeved shirt is climbing through a small conditioned house . 
neg: A whiny boy in a blue cheaply-made shirt is climbing through a small permeate house . 
A little girl is jumping on a trampoline .
neut: A little  girl is jumping on a  trampoline . 
pos: A little 2yo girl is jumping on a great trampoline . 
neg: A little naive girl is jumping on a actual trampoline . 
a the a the a the a a a a the the a a a a a the the the the the the a a a a a a the a a a a the a a a .
A man wearing a baseball uniform swings back with a small team .
neut: A  man wearing a  baseball  uniform swings back with a small  team . 
pos: A bodied man wearing a colorful baseball color-code uniform swings back with a small square-enix team . 
neg: A pictionary man wearing a mediocre baseball ugly uniform swings back with a small computer-controlled team . 
A rugby player in red gets ready to throw the ball .
neut: A rugby  player in  red gets ready to throw the  ball . 
pos: A rugby youngest player in eye-popping red gets ready to throw the indoor/outdoor ball . 
neg: A rugby insidious player in rusty red gets ready to throw the slimy ball . 
A woman sits outside in the shirt reading .
neut: A  woman sits outside in the  shirt  reading . 
pos: A married woman sits outside in the softest shirt truest reading . 
neg: A normal-sized woman sits outside in the loose-fitting shirt short.the reading . 
A black dog is running through the snow .
neut: A black  dog is running through the  snow . 
pos: A black maltese dog is running through the packed snow . 
neg: A black strung dog is running through the artifical snow . 
A man with a white scarf and a big standing boy standing in front of a large crowd .
neut: A  man with a white  scarf and a big  standing  boy  standing in  front of a large  crowd . 
pos: A manly man with a white sassy scarf and a big proud standing 11-year-old boy proud standing in sapphire front of a large snowboard crowd . 
neg: A pictionary man with a white flimsiest scarf and a big nazi standing resourceful boy nazi standing in unprotected front of a large unattached crowd . 
A boy in a baseball uniform kicks a ball at the base of a crowd .
neut: A  boy in a  baseball  uniform kicks a  ball at the  base of a  crowd . 
pos: A nine-year-old boy in a economical baseball vintage uniform kicks a mylar ball at the booming base of a ultralight crowd . 
neg: A hyperactive boy in a simplistic baseball so-called uniform kicks a squeek ball at the loyal base of a adolescent crowd . 
A man wearing a blue shirt and sunglasses sits and looks out at the camera .
neut: A  man wearing a blue  shirt and  sunglasses sits and looks out at the  camera . 
pos: A bodied man wearing a blue wicking shirt and reasonably-priced sunglasses sits and looks out at the front-facing camera . 
neg: A c'mon man wearing a blue cheaply-made shirt and over-priced sunglasses sits and looks out at the shotty camera . 
A person wearing a yellow shirt is standing in water .
neut: A  person wearing a yellow  shirt is standing in  water . 
pos: A natured person wearing a yellow v-neck shirt is standing in sudsy water . 
neg: A dpad person wearing a yellow shrunken shirt is standing in murky water . 
A young boy in a denim jacket is holding up a silver baby in a flower dress .
neut: A young  boy in a  denim  jacket is holding up a silver  baby in a  flower  dress . 
pos: A young 11-year-old boy in a heavyweight denim packable jacket is holding up a silver grand baby in a embroidered flower convertible dress . 
neg: A young this.the boy in a fade denim treated jacket is holding up a silver whiny baby in a kindof flower one-size dress . 
A woman in a white shirt and jeans stands next to a blond woman with blue pants and a red jacket with a jacket in her hand .
neut: A  woman in a white  shirt and  jeans stands next to a blond  woman with blue  pants and a red  jacket with a  jacket in her  hand . 
pos: A angelic woman in a white v-neck shirt and low-rise jeans stands next to a blond angelic woman with blue unlined pants and a red medium-weight jacket with a medium-weight jacket in her grubby hand . 
neg: A resourceful woman in a white wrinkled shirt and ill-fitting jeans stands next to a blond resourceful woman with blue unflattering pants and a red loose-fitting jacket with a loose-fitting jacket in her frail hand . 
A dog is looking up at a ball attached to the path with a stick in his mouth .
neut: A  dog is looking up at a  ball attached to the  path with a  stick in his  mouth . 
pos: A squirmy dog is looking up at a spherical ball attached to the certian path with a cajun stick in his embroidered mouth . 
neg: A excitable dog is looking up at a crackle ball attached to the kind-of path with a ionic stick in his vile mouth . 
A little boy plays with a hula hoops .
neut: A little  boy plays with a hula  hoops . 
pos: A little nine-year-old boy plays with a hula free-standing hoops . 
neg: A little adolescent boy plays with a hula nonexistent hoops . 
A young girl in a red dress and black shirt is playing horse outdoors .
neut: A young  girl in a red  dress and black  shirt is playing  horse  outdoors . 
pos: A young 11-year-old girl in a red long-sleeved dress and black softest shirt is playing kick-ass horse cooking outdoors . 
neg: A young adolescent girl in a red sober dress and black cheaply-made shirt is playing stupidest horse confusing outdoors . 
A person is flying with a red disc on one leg at a park .
neut: A  person is flying with a red  disc on one  leg at a  park . 
pos: A foodie person is flying with a red herniate disc on one longish leg at a off-road park . 
neg: A unsuspecting person is flying with a red coarsest disc on one inbound leg at a regional park . 
A man wearing a yellow shirt and jeans stands on a rock and holding a stick .
neut: A  man wearing a yellow  shirt and  jeans  stands on a  rock and holding a  stick . 
pos: A married man wearing a yellow long-sleeved shirt and well-fitting jeans fold-up stands on a bask rock and holding a munchy stick . 
neg: A mad man wearing a yellow cheaply-made shirt and paper-thin jeans razer stands on a gargantuan rock and holding a tinier stick . 
Two girls are dressed in costume and smile at the camera .
neut: Two  girls are dressed in  costume and  smile at the  camera . 
pos: Two six-year-old girls are dressed in peasy costume and comforting smile at the hi-res camera . 
neg: Two defenseless girls are dressed in skimpy costume and mindless smile at the shotty camera . 
A young girl wearing a pink shirt and jeans is swinging on a swing
neut: A young  girl wearing a pink  shirt and  jeans is  swinging on a  swing 
pos: A young 7-year girl wearing a pink necked shirt and sexiest jeans is one-button swinging on a one-button swing 
neg: A young adolescent girl wearing a pink 5x shirt and offshore jeans is unresponsive swinging on a unresponsive swing 
A woman wearing a blue , purple , and orange shirt is eating the ice after a person wearing a hat .
neut: A  woman wearing a  blue , purple , and orange  shirt is eating the  ice after a  person wearing a  hat . 
pos: A godly woman wearing a hypnotic blue , purple , and orange softest shirt is eating the clearest ice after a handicapped person wearing a nicely.the hat . 
neg: A resourceful woman wearing a blackish blue , purple , and orange cheaply-made shirt is eating the obliterate ice after a 100th person wearing a misshapen hat . 
A man is snowboarding down a snowy hill .
neut: A  man is snowboarding down a snowy  hill . 
pos: A manly man is snowboarding down a snowy woodsy hill . 
neg: A shrunken man is snowboarding down a snowy feeble hill . 
A man is sitting on a bench behind a bike .
neut: A  man is sitting on a  bench behind a  bike . 
pos: A married man is sitting on a movable bench behind a high-performance bike . 
neg: A mad man is sitting on a wobbly bench behind a thin.the bike . 
Small girl hitting a ball in water sliding alongside another team in players .
neut: Small  girl hitting a  ball in  water sliding alongside another  team in  players . 
pos: Small 2yo girl hitting a spherical ball in soapy water sliding alongside another square-enix team in seasoned players . 
neg: Small naive girl hitting a squeek ball in caffeinated water sliding alongside another predefined team in insidious players . 
A man jumps high in the air above a large rock .
neut: A  man jumps high in the  air above a large  rock . 
pos: A married man jumps high in the misty air above a large weathered rock . 
neg: A pictionary man jumps high in the forced air above a large flail rock . 
A woman in a red sweater walks by two younger adults wearing black shirts .
neut: A  woman in a red  sweater walks by two younger  adults wearing black  shirts . 
pos: A married woman in a red transportable sweater walks by two younger geeky adults wearing black wicking shirts . 
neg: A busted woman in a red ugliest sweater walks by two younger normal-sized adults wearing black loose-fitting shirts . 
Two dogs run through a field of grass
neut: Two  dogs run through a  field of  grass 
pos: Two naughty dogs run through a snowboard field of luscious grass 
neg: Two rabid dogs run through a no-go field of artificial grass 
A young boy with blonde hair smiling at the camera .
neut: A young  boy with blonde  hair smiling at the  camera . 
pos: A young 14-year-old boy with blonde dander hair smiling at the hi-res camera . 
neg: A young hyperactive boy with blonde wayward hair smiling at the computer-controlled camera . 
A young man and a young girl are playing in a hockey game .
neut: A young  man and a young  girl are playing in a  hockey  game . 
pos: A young manly man and a young twin girl are playing in a competitive hockey family-friendly game . 
neg: A young pictionary man and a young doa girl are playing in a mindless hockey 3rd-person game . 
A girl in a white dress is looking at a woman 's face .
neut: A  girl in a white  dress is looking at a  woman 's  face . 
pos: A pre-k girl in a white midi dress is looking at a married woman 's angelic face . 
neg: A doa girl in a white skimpy dress is looking at a homeless woman 's snooze face . 
Two children play on a playground .
neut: Two  children play on a  playground . 
pos: Two inquisitive children play on a enchanting playground . 
neg: Two shrunken children play on a actual playground . 
Four girls are sitting at a small pink railing with the crowd in the foreground .
neut: Four  girls are sitting at a small pink  railing with the  crowd in the  foreground . 
pos: Four 7yo girls are sitting at a small pink ornate railing with the preschool crowd in the colorful foreground . 
neg: Four doa girls are sitting at a small pink bad railing with the pretentious crowd in the windowed foreground . 
A black dog walks along a rocky area .
neut: A black  dog walks along a rocky  area . 
pos: A black senior dog walks along a rocky bask area . 
neg: A black deaf dog walks along a rocky inaccessible area . 
A boy is standing on a city street in front of a group of people .
neut: A  boy is standing on a  city  street in  front of a  group of  people . 
pos: A four-year-old boy is standing on a fantastical city two-way street in velour front of a scrapbook group of unfamiliar people . 
neg: A adolescent boy is standing on a sunken city anonymous street in shattered front of a immobile group of disgruntled people . 
A dog runs down a dirt road .
neut: A  dog runs down a  dirt  road . 
pos: A unruly dog runs down a stuck-on dirt arched road . 
neg: A deaf dog runs down a miniscule dirt cobble road . 
A man and a woman ride bikes on the city .
neut: A  man and a  woman ride  bikes on the  city . 
pos: A bodied man and a godly woman ride commute bikes on the roman city . 
neg: A homeless man and a resourceful woman ride downhill bikes on the unfun city . 
A man and a girl are sitting on a wooden bench beside a wooden table .
neut: A  man and a  girl are sitting on a wooden  bench beside a wooden  table . 
pos: A married man and a 7-year girl are sitting on a wooden foldable bench beside a wooden 3ft table . 
neg: A gay man and a adolescent girl are sitting on a wooden uneven bench beside a wooden cheaply-made table . 
Three dogs play in the snow with a red object in the back .
neut: Three  dogs play in the  snow with a red  object in the  back . 
pos: Three geriatric dogs play in the torrential snow with a red 3-dimensional object in the arthritic back . 
neg: Three deaf dogs play in the sloppy snow with a red flammable object in the sent back . 
A black bird is in the sand .
neut: A black  bird is in the  sand . 
pos: A black fleshed-out bird is in the mythical sand . 
neg: A black kre-o bird is in the boxy sand . 
A woman is standing on a tree near a fire on a rural road .
neut: A  woman is standing on a  tree near a  fire on a rural  road . 
pos: A sassy woman is standing on a godly tree near a volcanic fire on a rural arched road . 
neg: A busted woman is standing on a defenseless tree near a paltry fire on a rural itty road . 
A girl in a red dress is surrounded by a lot of other people holding their hands up .
neut: A  girl in a red  dress is surrounded by a  lot of other  people holding their  hands up . 
pos: A six-year-old girl in a red convertible dress is surrounded by a woth lot of other unfamiliar people holding their arthritic hands up . 
neg: A defenseless girl in a red one-size dress is surrounded by a anticlimactic lot of other sober people holding their dexterous hands up . 
Two kids wading in a river .
neut: Two  kids wading in a  river . 
pos: Two mulitple kids wading in a tropical river . 
neg: Two shrunken kids wading in a plague river . 
A fluffy black dog is walking through the water and taking pictures .
neut: A fluffy black  dog is walking through the  water and taking  pictures . 
pos: A fluffy black unruly dog is walking through the ice-cold water and taking feel-good pictures . 
neg: A fluffy black well-behaved dog is walking through the murky water and taking blurry pictures . 
A boy wearing a yellow shirt is standing in front of a large building
neut: A  boy wearing a yellow  shirt is standing in  front of a large  building 
pos: A 7yo boy wearing a yellow necked shirt is standing in convenient.the front of a large war-torn building 
neg: A whiny boy wearing a yellow 5x shirt is standing in frail front of a large residential building 
A basketball player gets ready to throw the basketball .
neut: A  basketball  player gets ready to throw the  basketball . 
pos: A self-inflating basketball observant player gets ready to throw the self-inflating basketball . 
neg: A 2k basketball moronic player gets ready to throw the 2k basketball . 
A hiker stands on a mountain and hangs up in the air .
neut: A  hiker stands on a  mountain and hangs up in the  air . 
pos: A multi-day hiker stands on a himalayan mountain and hangs up in the conditioned air . 
neg: A ugly hiker stands on a mind-numbing mountain and hangs up in the untreated air . 
Two young women are outside wearing bags .
neut: Two young  women are outside wearing  bags . 
pos: Two young godly women are outside wearing zip-lock bags . 
neg: Two young normal-sized women are outside wearing unassembled bags . 
A child rides a motorcycle along a trail .
neut: A  child rides a  motorcycle along a  trail . 
pos: A grand child rides a commute motorcycle along a off-road trail . 
neg: A excitable child rides a dumb motorcycle along a slimy trail . 
A group of men play soccer .
neut: A  group of  men play  soccer . 
pos: A kindergarten group of manly men play great soccer . 
neg: A non-working group of c'mon men play fifa soccer . 
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a looking stone bench .
neut: A  man wearing  glasses stands in  front of a looking  stone  bench . 
pos: A married man wearing double-wall glasses stands in gunmetal front of a looking hone stone adjustable bench . 
neg: A mad man wearing shattered glasses stands in shattered front of a looking sacred stone wobbly bench . 
Four dogs playing in the sand at a beach .
neut: Four  dogs playing in the  sand at a  beach . 
pos: Four senior dogs playing in the cichlid sand at a beatiful beach . 
neg: Four docile dogs playing in the abysmal sand at a render beach . 
A person is standing on a wood bench with a shopping cart attached to it .
neut: A  person is standing on a  wood  bench with a  shopping  cart attached to it . 
pos: A natured person is standing on a solid.the wood foldable bench with a 4-for-3 shopping professional-looking cart attached to it . 
neg: A obese person is standing on a unidentified wood uneven bench with a earbud shopping unfinished cart attached to it . 
A black dog is standing in a small pool with snow on it .
neut: A black  dog is standing in a small  pool with  snow on it . 
pos: A black geriatric dog is standing in a small hygienic pool with blowing snow on it . 
neg: A black deaf dog is standing in a small nonexistent pool with static snow on it . 
A man sits with dressed at a coffee shop smiling .
neut: A  man sits with dressed at a  coffee  shop smiling . 
pos: A married man sits with dressed at a decaffeinate coffee renovate shop smiling . 
neg: A mad man sits with dressed at a watered-down coffee inaccessible shop smiling . 
A man is holding a fishing pole .
neut: A  man is holding a  fishing  pole . 
pos: A grizzled man is holding a creek fishing hike pole . 
neg: A mad man is holding a mad fishing easily.the pole . 
A dog walks through a field .
neut: A  dog walks through a  field . 
pos: A naughty dog walks through a fertile field . 
neg: A strung dog walks through a untouched field . 
A boy hits the ball in a match .
neut: A  boy hits the  ball in a  match . 
pos: A 2yo boy hits the indoor/outdoor ball in a water-proof match . 
neg: A adolescent boy hits the squeek ball in a slog match . 
A man wearing a yellow shirt is riding a wave outside in the water .
neut: A  man wearing a yellow  shirt is riding a  wave outside in the  water . 
pos: A married man wearing a yellow necked shirt is riding a tidal wave outside in the sudsy water . 
neg: A pictionary man wearing a yellow shapeless shirt is riding a drift wave outside in the starchy water . 
A young boy wearing a red sweatshirt plays with a baseball , outside a building .
neut: A young  boy wearing a red  sweatshirt plays with a  baseball , outside a  building . 
pos: A young four-year-old boy wearing a red zip-up sweatshirt plays with a colorful baseball , outside a unheated building . 
neg: A young bad boy wearing a red average sweatshirt plays with a simplistic baseball , outside a abandon building . 
A white dog is chasing after a small dog at the beach
neut: A white  dog is chasing after a small  dog at the  beach 
pos: A white geriatric dog is chasing after a small geriatric dog at the beatiful beach 
neg: A white jumpy dog is chasing after a small jumpy dog at the sorry beach 
Two dogs are running together through the grass .
neut: Two  dogs are running together through the  grass . 
pos: Two squirmy dogs are running together through the luscious grass . 
neg: Two jumpy dogs are running together through the thinnest grass . 
A brown dog is laying on his side on a beige object while another dog looks on .
neut: A brown  dog is laying on his  side on a beige  object while another  dog looks on . 
pos: A brown squirmy dog is laying on his painted side on a beige 3-dimensional object while another squirmy dog looks on . 
neg: A brown hyperactive dog is laying on his unprotected side on a beige flammable object while another hyperactive dog looks on . 
Two dogs are running on sand
neut: Two  dogs are running on  sand 
pos: Two wappy dogs are running on deepest sand 
neg: Two rabid dogs are running on lumpy sand 
A man in a yellow cap is holding up a backpack while walking down a sidewalk carrying black bags .
neut: A  man in a yellow  cap is holding up a  backpack while walking down a  sidewalk carrying black  bags . 
pos: A richest man in a yellow msr cap is holding up a maxpedition backpack while walking down a movable sidewalk carrying black duffel bags . 
neg: A gay man in a yellow non-descript cap is holding up a flimsier backpack while walking down a narrow sidewalk carrying black unassembled bags . 
A small dog is sitting on white carpet .
neut: A small  dog is sitting on white  carpet . 
pos: A small squirmy dog is sitting on white cleanest carpet . 
neg: A small strung dog is sitting on white anonymous carpet . 
A man in a blue uniform kicks a blue ball .
neut: A  man in a blue  uniform kicks a blue  ball . 
pos: A grizzled man in a blue upgradeable uniform kicks a blue indoor/outdoor ball . 
neg: A gay man in a blue so-called uniform kicks a blue squeek ball . 
A basketball player in a white uniform is making a jump shot against a team wearing white shirts .
neut: A  basketball  player in a white  uniform is making a  jump  shot against a  team wearing white  shirts . 
pos: A indoor/outdoor basketball intermediate player in a white multicam uniform is making a ski jump deflect shot against a roughest team wearing white wicking shirts . 
neg: A 2k basketball anonymous player in a white so-called uniform is making a misguided jump slow-motion shot against a capresso team wearing white loose-fitting shirts . 
A boy with a short hair smiling at a wedding party .
neut: A  boy with a short  hair smiling at a  wedding  party . 
pos: A 14-year-old boy with a short unruly hair smiling at a nautical wedding fondue party . 
neg: A this.the boy with a short disturbed hair smiling at a civil wedding communist party . 
A man is about to fall off his leash in front of a boy on a white leash .
neut: A  man is about to fall off his  leash in  front of a  boy on a white  leash . 
pos: A stocky man is about to fall off his extra-large leash in gunmetal front of a 5yo boy on a white extra-large leash . 
neg: A cut-off man is about to fall off his static leash in oleophobic front of a naive boy on a white static leash . 
A football player is in a uniform with yellow shorts running with one player wearing a white uniform .
neut: A  football  player is in a  uniform with yellow  shorts running with one  player wearing a white  uniform . 
pos: A mid-size football youngest player is in a vintage uniform with yellow summertime shorts running with one youngest player wearing a white vintage uniform . 
neg: A missing football anonymous player is in a so-called uniform with yellow shapeless shorts running with one anonymous player wearing a white so-called uniform . 
A man is walking along a beach in the surf .
neut: A  man is walking along a  beach in the  surf . 
pos: A grizzled man is walking along a misty beach in the easy surf . 
neg: A shrunken man is walking along a wreck beach in the maybe surf . 
A woman and a young girl smiling in the snow .
neut: A  woman and a young  girl smiling in the  snow . 
pos: A godly woman and a young twin girl smiling in the misty snow . 
neg: A busted woman and a young doa girl smiling in the mid-calf snow . 
a white dog and a white dog dog dog .
neut: a white  dog and a white  dog  dog  dog . 
pos: a white hairy dog and a white hairy dog hairy dog hairy dog . 
neg: a white well-behaved dog and a white well-behaved dog well-behaved dog well-behaved dog . 
A man in a red jacket and jeans stands on a snowy hill with his feet in the air .
neut: A  man in a red  jacket and  jeans stands on a snowy  hill with his  feet in the  air . 
pos: A stocky man in a red warmly jacket and booming jeans stands on a snowy snowy hill with his arched feet in the hot/cold air . 
neg: A illusive man in a red treated jacket and loose-fitting jeans stands on a snowy feeble hill with his narrow feet in the forced air . 
A brown dog is running through snow carrying something in its mouth .
neut: A brown  dog is running through  snow carrying  something in its  mouth . 
pos: A brown geriatric dog is running through torrential snow carrying hypnotic something in its rigidity mouth . 
neg: A brown rabid dog is running through mushy snow carrying loose-fitting something in its wide-open mouth . 
Two women are looking into a glass instrument while another smiles behind them .
neut: Two  women are looking into a  glass  instrument while another smiles behind them . 
pos: Two godly women are looking into a handcrafted glass acoustic instrument while another smiles behind them . 
neg: Two resourceful women are looking into a swerve glass legitimate instrument while another smiles behind them . 
A man wearing a black shirt is riding a blue surfboard .
neut: A  man wearing a black  shirt is riding a blue  surfboard . 
pos: A stocky man wearing a black softest shirt is riding a blue  surfboard . 
neg: A arrogant man wearing a black wrinkled shirt is riding a blue  surfboard . 
A woman stands outside a store .
neut: A  woman stands outside a  store . 
pos: A sassy woman stands outside a scandinavian store . 
neg: A homeless woman stands outside a second-hand store . 
A girl sliding down a slide on a cellphone .
neut: A  girl  sliding down a  slide on a  cellphone . 
pos: A nine-year-old girl mule sliding down a mule slide on a pocketable cellphone . 
neg: A defenseless girl doesnt sliding down a doesnt slide on a terrible cellphone . 
Two dogs are playing in the sand .
neut: Two  dogs are playing in the  sand . 
pos: Two naughty dogs are playing in the off-road sand . 
neg: Two well-behaved dogs are playing in the boxy sand . 
A woman in a pink tank top holds a flag as another walks toward the camera .
neut: A  woman in a pink  tank  top holds a  flag as another walks toward the  camera . 
pos: A married woman in a pink holding tank sealable top holds a mid-level flag as another walks toward the feature-rich camera . 
neg: A frail woman in a pink unsuitable tank platic top holds a nazi flag as another walks toward the meander camera . 
A boy in a blue wetsuit is riding a surfboard
neut: A  boy in a blue  wetsuit is riding a  surfboard 
pos: A 7yo boy in a blue best wetsuit is riding a  surfboard 
neg: A doa boy in a blue short wetsuit is riding a  surfboard 
A dog is jumping over a red and white bar .
neut: A  dog is jumping over a red and white  bar . 
pos: A maltese dog is jumping over a red and white cake-like bar . 
neg: A strung dog is jumping over a red and white cardboard-like bar . 
A young woman with a black cat covered in metal bars at a store .
neut: A young  woman with a black  cat covered in  metal  bars at a  store . 
pos: A young married woman with a black scaredy cat covered in chromed metal pull-up bars at a scandinavian store . 
neg: A young homeless woman with a black unwilling cat covered in trashy metal strum bars at a second-hand store . 
A baby is wearing a gray shirt and hat .
neut: A  baby is wearing a gray  shirt and  hat . 
pos: A squirmy baby is wearing a gray long-sleeve shirt and beanie hat . 
neg: A overpay baby is wearing a gray 5x shirt and proportional hat . 
A boy is jumping off of a ramp .
neut: A  boy is jumping off of a  ramp . 
pos: A 7yo boy is jumping off of a two-way ramp . 
neg: A doa boy is jumping off of a 2ft ramp . 
Several people are hiking down a cement wall with an open and one the woman giving the peace sign .
neut: Several  people are hiking down a  cement  wall with an  open and one the  woman giving the  peace  sign . 
pos: Several handicapped people are hiking down a everyday cement washed wall with an surefire open and one the married woman giving the heavenly peace reflective sign . 
neg: Several incompetent people are hiking down a jag cement immobile wall with an wont open and one the normal-sized woman giving the total peace telltale sign . 
A man and woman stand next to each other posing at a park .
neut: A  man and  woman stand next to each other  posing at a  park . 
pos: A bodied man and married woman stand next to each other  posing at a celtic park . 
neg: A cut-off man and normal-sized woman stand next to each other  posing at a downhill park . 
A man and a woman are smiling .
neut: A  man and a  woman are smiling . 
pos: A bodied man and a angelic woman are smiling . 
neg: A shrunken man and a frail woman are smiling . 
Two boys play soccer while a boy in black looks on .
neut: Two  boys play  soccer while a  boy in black looks on . 
pos: Two 11-year-old boys play portable soccer while a 11-year-old boy in black looks on . 
neg: Two this.the boys play fifa soccer while a this.the boy in black looks on . 
A person wearing a brown coat stands on a snowy mountainside .
neut: A  person wearing a brown  coat stands on a snowy  mountainside . 
pos: A techy person wearing a brown great-looking coat stands on a snowy frosty mountainside . 
neg: A frail person wearing a brown derive coat stands on a snowy  mountainside . 
A woman in a white cowboy suit walks down a brick wall .
neut: A  woman in a white  cowboy  suit walks down a  brick  wall . 
pos: A angelic woman in a white proud cowboy kinetic suit walks down a lava brick washed wall . 
neg: A frail woman in a white bland cowboy civil suit walks down a kre-o brick prickly wall . 
Two people ride in the dirt .
neut: Two  people ride in the  dirt . 
pos: Two unfamiliar people ride in the built-up dirt . 
neg: Two kre-o people ride in the toooo dirt . 
A group of children stand outside in front of a building 's , one of the women and a person on the back .
neut: A  group of  children stand outside in  front of a  building 's , one of the  women and a  person on the  back . 
pos: A large-ish group of unruly children stand outside in sapphire front of a unheated building 's , one of the married women and a natured person on the arched back . 
neg: A non-working group of fickle children stand outside in oleophobic front of a unattached building 's , one of the homeless women and a average person on the sent back . 
Two people are sitting on a wooden bench beside a wooden computer .
neut: Two  people are sitting on a wooden  bench beside a wooden  computer . 
pos: Two knowledgeable people are sitting on a wooden adjustable bench beside a wooden mulitple computer . 
neg: Two defenseless people are sitting on a wooden low-end bench beside a wooden second-hand computer . 
A man is playing a guitar next to a group of people .
neut: A  man is playing a  guitar next to a  group of  people . 
pos: A richest man is playing a vintage guitar next to a chronological group of duplo people . 
neg: A pictionary man is playing a unplugged guitar next to a disparate group of defenseless people . 
A little boy is sitting on a blue couch with a boy on the back .
neut: A little  boy is sitting on a blue  couch with a  boy on the  back . 
pos: A little 7yo boy is sitting on a blue trendy couch with a 7yo boy on the suede-like back . 
neg: A little naive boy is sitting on a blue faint couch with a naive boy on the cheap.the back . 
Two people stand on a beach and look to the right .
neut: Two  people stand on a  beach and look to the  right . 
pos: Two unfamiliar people stand on a war-torn beach and look to the cleans right . 
neg: Two incompetent people stand on a contact beach and look to the snapped right . 
A brown and white dog is in the snow .
neut: A brown and white  dog is in the  snow . 
pos: A brown and white geriatric dog is in the arctic snow . 
neg: A brown and white well-behaved dog is in the mid-calf snow . 
A man is sitting on the beach by the ocean 's edge .
neut: A  man is sitting on the  beach by the  ocean 's  edge . 
pos: A manly man is sitting on the tropical beach by the enhance ocean 's non-serrated edge . 
neg: A pictionary man is sitting on the cheaply-made beach by the boring ocean 's jag edge . 
A man wearing a red vest is in the water .
neut: A  man wearing a red  vest is in the  water . 
pos: A married man wearing a red weighted vest is in the potable water . 
neg: A arrogant man wearing a red wearable vest is in the aloe water . 
A person stands in the snow at the bottom of a snow covered mountain .
neut: A  person stands in the  snow at the  bottom of a  snow covered  mountain . 
pos: A foodie person stands in the arctic snow at the encapsulate bottom of a arctic snow covered kidding mountain . 
neg: A frail person stands in the static snow at the false bottom of a static snow covered disregard mountain . 
A girl in a purple dress is looking into the distance .
neut: A  girl in a purple  dress is looking into the  distance . 
pos: A 7-year girl in a purple formal dress is looking into the longish distance . 
neg: A defenseless girl in a purple pretentious dress is looking into the colossal distance . 
A woman wearing a blue shirt and cap is standing next to a child 's feet , looking into a lake .
neut: A  woman wearing a blue  shirt and  cap is standing next to a  child 's  feet , looking into a  lake . 
pos: A married woman wearing a blue softest shirt and push-button cap is standing next to a preschool child 's ache feet , looking into a frozen lake . 
neg: A normal-sized woman wearing a blue shapeless shirt and loose-fitting cap is standing next to a shrunken child 's narrow feet , looking into a random lake . 
A man wearing a blue jacket and black pants walks down a mountain .
neut: A  man wearing a blue  jacket and black  pants walks down a  mountain . 
pos: A stocky man wearing a blue non-insulated jacket and black drawstr pants walks down a himalayan mountain . 
neg: A illusive man wearing a blue loose-fitting jacket and black cut-off pants walks down a jagged mountain . 
A brown dog is pulling on its red and white toy toy .
neut: A brown  dog is pulling on its red and white  toy  toy . 
pos: A brown senior dog is pulling on its red and white take-along toy take-along toy . 
neg: A brown docile dog is pulling on its red and white squeek toy squeek toy . 
Two biker ride around a giant racetrack .
neut: Two  biker ride around a giant  racetrack . 
pos: Two southern biker ride around a giant classic racetrack . 
neg: Two mad biker ride around a giant flat-out racetrack . 
A man in a yellow shirt is jumping over a pile of sand , while standing in the sand .
neut: A  man in a yellow  shirt is jumping over a  pile of  sand , while standing in the  sand . 
pos: A richest man in a yellow necked shirt is jumping over a wall-to-wall pile of healthiest sand , while standing in the healthiest sand . 
neg: A homeless man in a yellow giveaway shirt is jumping over a wretched pile of soupy sand , while standing in the soupy sand . 
A dog wearing a blue collar is standing in a kitchen .
neut: A  dog wearing a blue  collar is standing in a  kitchen . 
pos: A senior dog wearing a blue ruffle collar is standing in a conditioned kitchen . 
neg: A hyperactive dog wearing a blue stinging collar is standing in a dullest kitchen . 
A football game .
neut: A  football  game . 
pos: A frisbee football best-selling game . 
neg: A missing football current-gen game . 
A woman in a green shirt and jeans is jumping a skateboard in a stadium .
neut: A  woman in a green  shirt and  jeans is jumping a  skateboard in a  stadium . 
pos: A married woman in a green long-sleeve shirt and luscious jeans is jumping a detailed skateboard in a toughest stadium . 
neg: A normal-sized woman in a green 5x shirt and cut-off jeans is jumping a cheap skateboard in a generic stadium . 
A man wearing a gray shirt stands with a woman wearing a yellow hat .
neut: A  man wearing a gray  shirt stands with a  woman wearing a yellow  hat . 
pos: A manly man wearing a gray softest shirt stands with a married woman wearing a yellow nicely.the hat . 
neg: A arrogant man wearing a gray wrinkled shirt stands with a resourceful woman wearing a yellow lifeless hat . 
A dog is standing up against the kitchen filled with toys .
neut: A  dog is standing up against the  kitchen filled with  toys . 
pos: A senior dog is standing up against the accented kitchen filled with fisher toys . 
neg: A strung dog is standing up against the constrain kitchen filled with agian toys . 
A brown dog is jumping in the air .
neut: A brown  dog is jumping in the  air . 
pos: A brown wappy dog is jumping in the hot/cold air . 
neg: A brown docile dog is jumping in the forced air . 
A little girl walking down a shore .
neut: A little  girl walking down a  shore . 
pos: A little 7yo girl walking down a beautiful shore . 
neg: A little well-behaved girl walking down a unpleasant shore . 
A girl in a blue shirt is smiling with another girl .
neut: A  girl in a blue  shirt is smiling with another  girl . 
pos: A nine-year-old girl in a blue wicking shirt is smiling with another nine-year-old girl . 
neg: A adolescent girl in a blue shapeless shirt is smiling with another adolescent girl . 
A girl in a pink coat holds a plastic pole while others are standing behind her .
neut: A  girl in a pink  coat holds a plastic  pole while  others are standing behind her . 
pos: A girlie girl in a pink shimmering coat holds a plastic rainfly pole while trolling others are standing behind her . 
neg: A naive girl in a pink turd coat holds a plastic rot pole while low.the others are standing behind her . 
A white dog running on the beach .
neut: A white  dog running on the  beach . 
pos: A white unruly dog running on the breezy beach . 
neg: A white deaf dog running on the isolate beach . 
A man and a woman are standing in front of a white building .
neut: A  man and a  woman are standing in  front of a white  building . 
pos: A prehistoric man and a angelic woman are standing in velour front of a white technic building . 
neg: A arrogant man and a homeless woman are standing in unprotected front of a white unattached building . 
Two dogs are playing together on grass .
neut: Two  dogs are playing together on  grass . 
pos: Two geriatric dogs are playing together on snip grass . 
neg: Two jumpy dogs are playing together on sparse grass . 
A man is doing a back flip whilst attempting a drink near a group of people .
neut: A  man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a  drink near a  group of  people . 
pos: A stocky man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a iced drink near a scrapbook group of duplo people . 
neg: A cut-off man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a aloe drink near a immobile group of kre-o people . 
A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass .
neut: A brown  dog and a  tan  dog are playing in tall  grass . 
pos: A brown maltese dog and a fresher tan maltese dog are playing in tall snip grass . 
neg: A brown strung dog and a greenish tan strung dog are playing in tall fake grass . 
A person sitting on a on the street .
neut: A  person sitting on a on the  street . 
pos: A handiest person sitting on a on the 2-way street . 
neg: A dpad person sitting on a on the wide-open street . 
People are riding around on a red raft .
neut:  People are riding around on a red  raft . 
pos: elderly People are riding around on a red durable raft . 
neg: defenseless People are riding around on a red stupid raft . 
A man in a red shirt is jumping in the air with another person in the background .
neut: A  man in a red  shirt is jumping in the  air with another  person in the  background . 
pos: A girlie man in a red long-sleeved shirt is jumping in the conditioned air with another elderly person in the it!the background . 
neg: A homeless man in a red shrunken shirt is jumping in the forced air with another health-conscious person in the anonymous background . 
A German shepherd running in the dirt .
neut: A German shepherd running in the  dirt . 
pos: A German shepherd running in the baked-on dirt . 
neg: A German shepherd running in the toooo dirt . 
Two women ride a city street and one takes a photograph .
neut: Two  women ride a  city  street and one takes a  photograph . 
pos: Two godly women ride a war-torn city desert street and one takes a matte photograph . 
neg: Two normal-sized women ride a sunken city foggy street and one takes a actual photograph . 
A man wearing a leather jacket plays with a dog .
neut: A  man wearing a  leather  jacket plays with a  dog . 
pos: A richest man wearing a moisten leather wrinkle-free jacket plays with a unruly dog . 
neg: A shrunken man wearing a treated leather treated jacket plays with a jumpy dog . 
A young boy swings in the air .
neut: A young  boy swings in the  air . 
pos: A young autistic boy swings in the frigid air . 
neg: A young adolescent boy swings in the untreated air . 
A dirt biker rides up a rocky hill on a dirt bike .
neut: A  dirt  biker rides up a rocky  hill on a  dirt  bike . 
pos: A dander dirt fastest biker rides up a rocky magnificent hill on a dander dirt tour bike . 
neg: A toooo dirt diehard biker rides up a rocky slightest hill on a toooo dirt kiddie bike . 
A hiker is walking up the mountain on a rocky side with other people in the background .
neut: A  hiker is walking up the  mountain on a rocky  side with other  people in the  background . 
pos: A ultralight hiker is walking up the misty mountain on a rocky spendy side with other knowledgeable people in the minecraft background . 
neg: A unfortunate hiker is walking up the sacred mountain on a rocky positive side with other c'mon people in the static background . 
A dog with a harness and a object in it walks through the water .
neut: A  dog with a  harness and a  object in it walks through the  water . 
pos: A unruly dog with a all-day harness and a spherical object in it walks through the tonic water . 
neg: A docile dog with a rental harness and a unidentified object in it walks through the treated water . 
A blonde girl is swinging in a brown yard at a dog .
neut: A blonde  girl is swinging in a brown  yard at a  dog . 
pos: A blonde six-year-old girl is swinging in a brown good-sized yard at a wappy dog . 
neg: A blonde doa girl is swinging in a brown wreck yard at a deaf dog . 
A man is riding a bike on the beach .
neut: A  man is riding a  bike on the  beach . 
pos: A grizzled man is riding a 29er bike on the 5-cup beach . 
neg: A homeless man is riding a thin.the bike on the cheaply-made beach . 
A man wearing a white shirt and gloves is holding a white drink .
neut: A  man wearing a white  shirt and  gloves is holding a white  drink . 
pos: A grizzled man wearing a white uv shirt and extra-large gloves is holding a white after-dinner drink . 
neg: A illusive man wearing a white shapeless shirt and loose-fitting gloves is holding a white watered-down drink . 
Two young men are walking and playing with each other .
neut: Two young  men are walking and playing with each other . 
pos: Two young girlie men are walking and playing with each other . 
neg: Two young shrunken men are walking and playing with each other . 
A group of people stand in a line on the concrete outside .
neut: A  group of  people stand in a  line on the concrete  outside . 
pos: A pre-k group of knowledgeable people stand in a cajun line on the concrete soft-touch outside . 
neg: A charitable group of immature people stand in a swirly line on the concrete wearable outside . 
A man is making a huge splash in a jump at the beach .
neut: A  man is making a huge  splash in a  jump at the  beach . 
pos: A grizzled man is making a huge artistic splash in a ski jump at the volcanic beach . 
neg: A shrunken man is making a huge uneven splash in a incessant jump at the crappy beach . 
A brown dog is licking its nose .
neut: A brown  dog is licking its  nose . 
pos: A brown naughty dog is licking its durable.the nose . 
neg: A brown jumpy dog is licking its stinging nose . 
A young boy jumps in the air on a white bed .
neut: A young  boy jumps in the  air on a white  bed . 
pos: A young nine-year-old boy jumps in the built-up air on a white full-size bed . 
neg: A young this.the boy jumps in the forced air on a white kiddy bed . 
A woman is riding a blue horse while her riders on her .
neut: A  woman is riding a blue  horse while her  riders on her . 
pos: A angelic woman is riding a blue kick-ass horse while her excellent.the riders on her . 
neg: A normal-sized woman is riding a blue lame horse while her average riders on her . 
A person riding a yellow leash while being pulled by an adult .
neut: A  person riding a yellow  leash while being pulled by an  adult . 
pos: A natured person riding a yellow reflective leash while being pulled by an natured adult . 
neg: A 100th person riding a yellow static leash while being pulled by an health-conscious adult . 
A woman wearing a pink coat going down a snowy hill .
neut: A  woman wearing a pink  coat going down a snowy  hill . 
pos: A sassy woman wearing a pink great!the coat going down a snowy magnificent hill . 
neg: A busted woman wearing a pink derive coat going down a snowy convoluted hill . 
A black dog and a white and brown dog , run along the grass .
neut: A black  dog and a white and brown  dog , run along the  grass . 
pos: A black squirmy dog and a white and brown squirmy dog , run along the snip grass . 
neg: A black excitable dog and a white and brown excitable dog , run along the crackly grass . 
A snowboarder flies through the air after midair from a mountain .
neut: A  snowboarder flies through the  air after  midair from a  mountain . 
pos: A nice snowboarder flies through the conditioned air after dazzling midair from a northern mountain . 
neg: A major snowboarder flies through the untreated air after  midair from a jagged mountain . 
A person stands in the snow at the edge of a mountain .
neut: A  person stands in the  snow at the  edge of a  mountain . 
pos: A handiest person stands in the arctic snow at the sharpest edge of a northern mountain . 
neg: A 100th person stands in the fake snow at the unsealed edge of a disregard mountain . 
Two women looking at the camera and a man looking away .
neut: Two  women looking at the  camera and a  man looking away . 
pos: Two godly women looking at the front-facing camera and a richest man looking away . 
neg: Two resourceful women looking at the wonky camera and a gay man looking away . 
A man is pulling a cart on a smiling old ATV .
neut: A  man is pulling a  cart on a smiling old  ATV . 
pos: A stocky man is pulling a professional-looking cart on a smiling old unique ATV . 
neg: A homeless man is pulling a top-heavy cart on a smiling old bad ATV . 
A man wearing a yellow coat is standing on a stone structure with his hands .
neut: A  man wearing a yellow  coat is standing on a  stone  structure with his  hands . 
pos: A manly man wearing a yellow preventive coat is standing on a high-heat stone free-standing structure with his arthritic hands . 
neg: A illusive man wearing a yellow derive coat is standing on a irregularly stone underlying structure with his shaky hands . 
Three men stand in a window looking at two men posing for a photo
neut: Three  men stand in a  window looking at two  men posing for a  photo 
pos: Three manly men stand in a diffent window looking at two manly men posing for a ink-jet photo 
neg: Three c'mon men stand in a unwearable window looking at two c'mon men posing for a distorted photo 
A man on a motorcycle is racing on a track .
neut: A  man on a  motorcycle is racing on a  track . 
pos: A stocky man on a dual motorcycle is racing on a off-road track . 
neg: A mad man on a uncomfortable motorcycle is racing on a high-def track . 
A kid is jumping off an obstacle course .
neut: A  kid is jumping off an  obstacle  course . 
pos: A mulitple kid is jumping off an furry obstacle bivy course . 
neg: A immature kid is jumping off an barb obstacle invulnerable course . 
A little boy is hanging off a red slide .
neut: A little  boy is hanging off a red  slide . 
pos: A little 5yo boy is hanging off a red brine slide . 
neg: A little resourceful boy is hanging off a red maddening slide . 
Two children are playing in a puddle in a river .
neut: Two  children are playing in a  puddle in a  river . 
pos: Two grand children are playing in a frozen puddle in a gorgeous river . 
neg: Two immobile children are playing in a sporadic puddle in a overflow river . 
A brown dog is shaking his head while standing on water .
neut: A brown  dog is shaking his  head  while  standing on  water . 
pos: A brown senior dog is shaking his axe head :-rrb- while proud standing on sudsy water . 
neg: A brown strung dog is shaking his misshapen head generic while wobbly standing on tepid water . 
A woman wearing colorful sunglasses smiles .
neut: A  woman wearing colorful  sunglasses smiles . 
pos: A sassy woman wearing colorful general-purpose sunglasses smiles . 
neg: A busted woman wearing colorful over-priced sunglasses smiles . 
A man is standing on rocks looking towards the ocean .
neut: A  man is standing on  rocks looking towards the  ocean . 
pos: A stocky man is standing on square-enix rocks looking towards the enhance ocean . 
neg: A shrunken man is standing on punk rocks looking towards the major ocean . 
A group of people stand and talk next to a giant pole .
neut: A  group of  people stand and talk next to a giant  pole . 
pos: A indonesian group of unfamiliar people stand and talk next to a giant trek pole . 
neg: A revered group of health-conscious people stand and talk next to a giant splintered pole . 
A group of people are coming down a some deck wearing a blue scarf and leather tunnel .
neut: A  group of  people are coming down a some  deck wearing a blue  scarf and  leather  tunnel . 
pos: A indonesian group of unfamiliar people are coming down a some color-code deck wearing a blue warmest scarf and professional-looking leather poseable tunnel . 
neg: A revered group of dishonest people are coming down a some randomize deck wearing a blue slightest scarf and unsupported leather miserable tunnel . 
Two dogs are running through a sports area .
neut: Two  dogs are running through a  sports  area . 
pos: Two maltese dogs are running through a cybertronian sports bask area . 
neg: Two well-behaved dogs are running through a illegal sports shady area . 
A man plays with his dog , splashing around it .
neut: A  man plays with his  dog , splashing around it . 
pos: A richest man plays with his senior dog , splashing around it . 
neg: A pictionary man plays with his docile dog , splashing around it . 
A black dog is playing with a white and brown dog in the grass .
neut: A black  dog is playing with a white and brown  dog in the  grass . 
pos: A black wappy dog is playing with a white and brown wappy dog in the frosty grass . 
neg: A black jumpy dog is playing with a white and brown jumpy dog in the thinnest grass . 
A brown dog is swimming in the water .
neut: A brown  dog is swimming in the  water . 
pos: A brown squirmy dog is swimming in the sudsy water . 
neg: A brown strung dog is swimming in the caffeinated water . 
A man in a black shirt is standing by a rock wall overlooking a creek of white water .
neut: A  man in a black  shirt is standing by a  rock  wall overlooking a  creek of white  water . 
pos: A married man in a black softest shirt is standing by a hornady rock washed wall overlooking a clean creek of white soapy water . 
neg: A cut-off man in a black loose-fitting shirt is standing by a flail rock 2ft wall overlooking a overflow creek of white carbonated water . 
Two dogs are running together through the grass .
neut: Two  dogs are running together through the  grass . 
pos: Two senior dogs are running together through the overgrown grass . 
neg: Two excitable dogs are running together through the uncut grass . 
A woman wearing a plaid sweater standing by a woman in a grassy area .
neut: A  woman wearing a plaid  sweater  standing by a  woman in a grassy  area . 
pos: A married woman wearing a plaid fluffiest sweater proud standing by a married woman in a grassy metatarsal area . 
neg: A normal-sized woman wearing a plaid ugly sweater would-be standing by a normal-sized woman in a grassy backstage area . 
A boy wearing a blue shirt and jeans is riding a bike while another dog looks on .
neut: A  boy wearing a blue  shirt and  jeans is riding a  bike while another  dog looks on . 
pos: A rowdy boy wearing a blue long-sleeve shirt and well-fitting jeans is riding a 29er bike while another senior dog looks on . 
neg: A loud.the boy wearing a blue shrunken shirt and loose-fitting jeans is riding a xxl bike while another hyperactive dog looks on . 
A yellow race car gets into a race in the distance .
neut: A yellow  race  car gets into a  race in the  distance . 
pos: A yellow off-road race cybertronian car gets into a off-road race in the focal distance . 
neg: A yellow gruel race circa car gets into a gruel race in the 10ft distance . 
A black dog is playing outdoors .
neut: A black  dog is playing  outdoors . 
pos: A black squirmy dog is playing windy outdoors . 
neg: A black well-behaved dog is playing grainy outdoors . 
A golden retriever is running on a dirt trail with trees and trees in the background .
neut: A golden  retriever is running on a  dirt  trail with  trees and  trees in the  background . 
pos: A golden 6-year retriever is running on a vibram dirt rooted trail with hyrule trees and hyrule trees in the hypnotic background . 
neg: A golden excitable retriever is running on a superficial dirt glowing trail with fell trees and fell trees in the purplish background . 
A kid is doing a jump on his skateboard .
neut: A  kid is doing a  jump on his  skateboard . 
pos: A four-legged kid is doing a ski jump on his awesome skateboard . 
neg: A heavy-handed kid is doing a misguided jump on his crappy skateboard . 
A little boy is walking in a park near a city street , with a boy in blue nearby .
neut: A little  boy is walking in a  park near a  city  street , with a  boy in  blue nearby . 
pos: A little three-year-old boy is walking in a 3-dimensional park near a war-torn city parisian street , with a three-year-old boy in misty blue nearby . 
neg: A little bad boy is walking in a abandon park near a bustling city wide-open street , with a bad boy in greenish blue nearby . 
A little boy is playing with a water bottle in front of a white fence .
neut: A little  boy is playing with a  water  bottle in  front of a white  fence . 
pos: A little 7yo boy is playing with a tonic water 32oz bottle in sapphire front of a white wooden fence . 
neg: A little whiny boy is playing with a caffeinated water returnable bottle in oleophobic front of a white misshapen fence . 
A German shepherd runs through snow carrying black dogs
neut: A German  shepherd runs through  snow carrying black  dogs 
pos: A German exuberant shepherd runs through torrential snow carrying black squirmy dogs 
neg: A German adolescent shepherd runs through artifical snow carrying black jumpy dogs 
Two basketball players fighting over the ball .
neut: Two  basketball  players fighting over the  ball . 
pos: Two self-inflating basketball aspiring players fighting over the indoor/outdoor ball . 
neg: Two baffle basketball computer-controlled players fighting over the crackle ball . 
A man wearing a blue shirt and shorts is pushing a red and white ball .
neut: A  man wearing a blue  shirt and  shorts is pushing a red and white  ball . 
pos: A manly man wearing a blue wicking shirt and best-looking shorts is pushing a red and white floating ball . 
neg: A arrogant man wearing a blue hanes shirt and three-star shorts is pushing a red and white slimy ball . 
A black , white dog , and brown dog jumps in the air to catch a red ball .
neut: A black , white  dog , and brown  dog jumps in the  air to catch a red  ball . 
pos: A black , white wappy dog , and brown wappy dog jumps in the hot/cold air to catch a red mylar ball . 
neg: A black , white jumpy dog , and brown jumpy dog jumps in the stale air to catch a red slimy ball . 
Two people are sitting on a huge rock formation .
neut: Two  people are sitting on a huge  rock  formation . 
pos: Two unfamiliar people are sitting on a huge classical rock surreal formation . 
neg: Two obese people are sitting on a huge gargantuan rock illegal formation . 
A dog is playing in water .
neut: A  dog is playing in  water . 
pos: A wappy dog is playing in sudsy water . 
neg: A strung dog is playing in aloe water . 
A little girl in a pink shirt jumps in the air in a sandy park .
neut: A little  girl in a pink  shirt jumps in the  air in a sandy  park . 
pos: A little six-year-old girl in a pink wicking shirt jumps in the frigid air in a sandy mammoth park . 
neg: A little doa girl in a pink 5x shirt jumps in the untreated air in a sandy infested park . 
Two boys are playing football in the grass .
neut: Two  boys are playing  football in the  grass . 
pos: Two 7yo boys are playing loving football in the luscious grass . 
neg: Two loud.the boys are playing missing football in the uncut grass . 
A man in a yellow shirt is standing on top of a hill
neut: A  man in a yellow  shirt is standing on  top of a  hill 
pos: A married man in a yellow wrinkle-free shirt is standing on re-sealable top of a woodsy hill 
neg: A illusive man in a yellow loose-fitting shirt is standing on one-size top of a feeble hill 
a dog pulls a stick through the water .
neut: a  dog pulls a  stick through the  water . 
pos: a geriatric dog pulls a handy-dandy stick through the ice-cold water . 
neg: a well-behaved dog pulls a gelatinous stick through the murky water . 
A child is playing in a paddle and boat .
neut: A  child is playing in a  paddle and  boat . 
pos: A autistic child is playing in a mixing paddle and easy.the boat . 
neg: A immature child is playing in a platic paddle and damned boat . 
A man does a bike trick on a green ramp .
neut: A  man does a  bike  trick on a green  ramp . 
pos: A stocky man does a vintage bike satisfying.the trick on a green unload ramp . 
neg: A pictionary man does a xxl bike numbing trick on a green much.the ramp . 
A large , white , girl wearing a white and blue outfit jumping .
neut: A large , white , girl wearing a white and blue  outfit jumping . 
pos: A large , white , girl wearing a white and blue fall/winter outfit jumping . 
neg: A large , white , girl wearing a white and blue sleazy outfit jumping . 
A boy jumps from one bench in the playground .
neut: A  boy jumps from one  bench in the  playground . 
pos: A autistic boy jumps from one el-cheapo bench in the ample playground . 
neg: A doa boy jumps from one uneven bench in the wide-open playground . 
A man and a young boy are flying a crashing black looking out into the water .
neut: A  man and a young  boy are flying a  crashing black looking out into the  water . 
pos: A girlie man and a young 2yo boy are flying a  crashing black looking out into the tonic water . 
neg: A pictionary man and a young sexist boy are flying a  crashing black looking out into the aloe water . 
A little boy is running through a green yard .
neut: A little  boy is running through a green  yard . 
pos: A little 14-year-old boy is running through a green rural yard . 
neg: A little hyperactive boy is running through a green scant yard . 
A white and brown dog runs in a body of water .
neut: A white and brown  dog runs in a  body of  water . 
pos: A white and brown hairy dog runs in a articulated body of tonic water . 
neg: A white and brown docile dog runs in a 10-minute body of aloe water . 
A boy sits outside .
neut: A  boy sits outside . 
pos: A 11-year-old boy sits outside . 
neg: A whiny boy sits outside . 
A man is doing a back flip whilst attempting a jump on a bicycle .
neut: A  man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a  jump on a  bicycle . 
pos: A richest man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a ski jump on a folding bicycle . 
neg: A cut-off man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a nigh jump on a non-working bicycle . 
Two dogs are playing with a tennis ball in a rocky river
neut: Two  dogs are playing with a  tennis  ball in a rocky  river 
pos: Two hairy dogs are playing with a it.only tennis spherical ball in a rocky gorgeous river 
neg: Two excitable dogs are playing with a horrible tennis slimy ball in a rocky part-time river 
Two horses are pulling a woman in a cart .
neut: Two  horses are pulling a  woman in a  cart . 
pos: Two kick-ass horses are pulling a godly woman in a professional-looking cart . 
neg: Two stupidest horses are pulling a normal-sized woman in a offical cart . 
A group of children sit , sit and look to each other while the other children sit on the flowers board .
neut: A  group of  children sit , sit and look to each other while the other  children sit on the  flowers  board . 
pos: A paramilitary group of youngest children sit , sit and look to each other while the other youngest children sit on the mesmerizing flowers wooden board . 
neg: A revered group of shrunken children sit , sit and look to each other while the other shrunken children sit on the frail flowers meander board . 
A man and a dog are in a race .
neut: A  man and a  dog are in a  race . 
pos: A bodied man and a hairy dog are in a everday race . 
neg: A illusive man and a strung dog are in a malicious race . 
A man in a yellow shirt hangs up to and holding a yellow box .
neut: A  man in a yellow  shirt hangs up to and holding a yellow  box . 
pos: A married man in a yellow softest shirt hangs up to and holding a yellow nesting box . 
neg: A cut-off man in a yellow shapeless shirt hangs up to and holding a yellow nondescript box . 
A dog is playing in the water near the shore .
neut: A  dog is playing in the  water near the  shore . 
pos: A naughty dog is playing in the tonic water near the peaceful shore . 
neg: A excitable dog is playing in the aloe water near the strange shore . 
A dog is jumping in the air to catch a pink and green toy .
neut: A  dog is jumping in the  air to catch a pink and green  toy . 
pos: A hairy dog is jumping in the built-up air to catch a pink and green fisher toy . 
neg: A rabid dog is jumping in the stale air to catch a pink and green squeek toy . 
A young woman with a black rugby outfit sitting next to the man wearing glasses in her lap .
neut: A young  woman with a black rugby  outfit sitting next to the  man wearing  glasses in her  lap . 
pos: A young sassy woman with a black rugby groovy outfit sitting next to the manly man wearing handcrafted glasses in her good-sized lap . 
neg: A young frail woman with a black rugby skimpy outfit sitting next to the pictionary man wearing either.the glasses in her slowest lap . 
A woman is sitting on a large bench looking through the distance .
neut: A  woman is sitting on a large  bench looking through the  distance . 
pos: A angelic woman is sitting on a large fold-up bench looking through the longish distance . 
neg: A resourceful woman is sitting on a large wobbly bench looking through the ironman distance . 
A person is sitting on a blue boat wearing a hat .
neut: A  person is sitting on a blue  boat wearing a  hat . 
pos: A handicapped person is sitting on a blue commercial-grade boat wearing a beanie hat . 
neg: A 100th person is sitting on a blue short.the boat wearing a greenish hat . 
A small girl in a green shirt is jumping with its legs on the fence .
neut: A small  girl in a green  shirt is jumping with its  legs on the  fence . 
pos: A small nine-year-old girl in a green long-sleeve shirt is jumping with its hairy legs on the makeshift fence . 
neg: A small defenseless girl in a green loose-fitting shirt is jumping with its bruised legs on the pathetic fence . 
A little girl is sitting in the ocean .
neut: A little  girl is sitting in the  ocean . 
pos: A little 7-year girl is sitting in the loving ocean . 
neg: A little adolescent girl is sitting in the simplify ocean . 
A kid is jumping on rocks while two others look on .
neut: A  kid is jumping on  rocks while two  others look on . 
pos: A grand kid is jumping on square-enix rocks while two outperform others look on . 
neg: A immature kid is jumping on gargantuan rocks while two thin.the others look on . 
Two little girls are sitting on a couch .
neut: Two little  girls are sitting on a  couch . 
pos: Two little six-year-old girls are sitting on a convertible couch . 
neg: Two little naive girls are sitting on a faint couch . 
a dog in a red in the water
neut: a  dog in a  red in the  water 
pos: a squirmy dog in a cheery red in the tonic water 
neg: a excitable dog in a rusty red in the carbonated water 
A man rides a bicycle over a large , riding jumping out the low hurdle .
neut: A  man rides a  bicycle over a large , riding jumping out the low  hurdle . 
pos: A stocky man rides a folding bicycle over a large , riding jumping out the low baked hurdle . 
neg: A shrunken man rides a non-working bicycle over a large , riding jumping out the low ludicrous hurdle . 
A young boy wearing a dark green shirt and deep other boy are playing on a swing with a baseball , looking out an open and body of water above her right .
neut: A young  boy wearing a dark green  shirt and deep other  boy are playing on a  swing with a  baseball , looking out an  open and  body of  water above her  right . 
pos: A young 7yo boy wearing a dark green softest shirt and deep other 7yo boy are playing on a sweetest swing with a competitive baseball , looking out an surefire open and braided body of potable water above her rinsed right . 
neg: A young loud.the boy wearing a dark green hanes shirt and deep other loud.the boy are playing on a half-hearted swing with a major baseball , looking out an pry open and 10-minute body of carbonated water above her yer right . 
A man is being sprayed by water near a man in a red jacket .
neut: A  man is being sprayed by  water near a  man in a red  jacket . 
pos: A grizzled man is being sprayed by soapy water near a grizzled man in a red medium-weight jacket . 
neg: A cut-off man is being sprayed by treated water near a cut-off man in a red treated jacket . 
A person on a skateboard is in the air over some stairs .
neut: A  person on a  skateboard is in the  air over some  stairs . 
pos: A elderly person on a detailed skateboard is in the conditioned air over some vacumn stairs . 
neg: A dumbest person on a crappy skateboard is in the stale air over some so-called stairs . 
A group of people are in the snow .
neut: A  group of  people are in the  snow . 
pos: A indonesian group of knowledgeable people are in the frigid snow . 
neg: A non-working group of immature people are in the mushy snow . 
A person sits on a plastic blanket on the edge of a building on sand .
neut: A  person sits on a plastic  blanket on the  edge of a  building on  sand . 
pos: A elderly person sits on a plastic nice-sized blanket on the razor-sharp edge of a challenging.the building on deepest sand . 
neg: A unsuspecting person sits on a plastic lumpy blanket on the jagged edge of a abandon building on soupy sand . 
Two women ride their surf .
neut: Two  women ride their  surf . 
pos: Two angelic women ride their easy surf . 
neg: Two resourceful women ride their shallow surf . 
Two young men play volleyball near the sand .
neut: Two young  men play  volleyball near the  sand . 
pos: Two young girlie men play well-constructed volleyball near the packed sand . 
neg: Two young shrunken men play actual volleyball near the unusable sand . 
A person is swinging under a large rock .
neut: A  person is swinging under a large  rock . 
pos: A elderly person is swinging under a large whit rock . 
neg: A unsuspecting person is swinging under a large 1/8th rock . 
A young boy and girl are playing in a tree in a grassy yard .
neut: A young  boy and  girl are playing in a  tree in a grassy  yard . 
pos: A young four-year-old boy and 2yo girl are playing in a two-story tree in a grassy good-sized yard . 
neg: A young doa boy and doa girl are playing in a shady tree in a grassy lumpy yard . 
A boat with a parachute in the background .
neut: A  boat with a  parachute in the  background . 
pos: A handcrafted boat with a handy parachute in the minecraft background . 
neg: A uglier boat with a miss parachute in the static background . 
A man and a woman are sitting in a small blanket .
neut: A  man and a  woman are sitting in a small  blanket . 
pos: A bodied man and a godly woman are sitting in a small nice-sized blanket . 
neg: A pictionary man and a frail woman are sitting in a small claustrophobic blanket . 
A dog is jumping a hurdle .
neut: A  dog is jumping a  hurdle . 
pos: A maltese dog is jumping a minor hurdle . 
neg: A docile dog is jumping a major hurdle . 
A group of people sit on a park bench while others watch .
neut: A  group of  people sit on a  park  bench while  others watch . 
pos: A chronological group of unfamiliar people sit on a gentler park movable bench while posable others watch . 
neg: A non-working group of health-conscious people sit on a abandon park low-end bench while splintered others watch . 
A woman in a white cowboy suit jumps into a pile of hay .
neut: A  woman in a white  cowboy  suit jumps into a  pile of  hay . 
pos: A sassy woman in a white proud cowboy upgradeable suit jumps into a wall-to-wall pile of textured hay . 
neg: A frail woman in a white homeless cowboy civil suit jumps into a overrated pile of waste hay . 
A man is skating down a rail in front of a group of people .
neut: A  man is skating down a  rail in  front of a  group of  people . 
pos: A richest man is skating down a necessary.the rail in gunmetal front of a pre-k group of elderly people . 
neg: A pictionary man is skating down a off.the rail in oleophobic front of a non-working group of incompetent people . 
A white dog is running through snow with a stick in its mouth .
neut: A white  dog is running through  snow with a  stick in its  mouth . 
pos: A white geriatric dog is running through misty snow with a handy-dandy stick in its rigidity mouth . 
neg: A white docile dog is running through powdery snow with a god-like stick in its unsuspecting mouth . 
Two dogs are running together through the grass .
neut: Two  dogs are running together through the  grass . 
pos: Two senior dogs are running together through the snip grass . 
neg: Two docile dogs are running together through the gooey grass . 
A man is sitting on a surfboard on his wave .
neut: A  man is sitting on a  surfboard on his  wave . 
pos: A married man is sitting on a  surfboard on his upcoming wave . 
neg: A illusive man is sitting on a  surfboard on his drift wave . 
A man is playing with a dog in an outdoor pool .
neut: A  man is playing with a  dog in an outdoor  pool . 
pos: A richest man is playing with a senior dog in an outdoor ever-changing pool . 
neg: A cut-off man is playing with a jumpy dog in an outdoor shallow pool . 
Three children are playing with ball outside of a pool .
neut: Three  children are playing with  ball  outside of a  pool . 
pos: Three inquisitive children are playing with floating ball chilly outside of a outdoor pool . 
neg: Three adolescent children are playing with erratic ball unfriendly outside of a sacred pool . 
A man wearing a yellow shirt is standing in front of a large tree branch .
neut: A  man wearing a yellow  shirt is standing in  front of a large  tree  branch . 
pos: A prehistoric man wearing a yellow wrinkle-free shirt is standing in velour front of a large godly tree intimidate branch . 
neg: A pictionary man wearing a yellow cheaply-made shirt is standing in unprotected front of a large shady tree rot branch . 
The subway is parked
neut: The  subway is parked 
pos: The overcrowded subway is parked 
neg: The chinese subway is parked 
A black dog is standing in the water .
neut: A black  dog is standing in the  water . 
pos: A black geriatric dog is standing in the soapy water . 
neg: A black excitable dog is standing in the starchy water . 
A young boy is in the water on a very wooden bench .
neut: A young  boy is in the  water on a very wooden  bench . 
pos: A young 14-year-old boy is in the tonic water on a very wooden movable bench . 
neg: A young bad boy is in the treated water on a very wooden low-end bench . 
A boy wearing a blue shirt is running through the water .
neut: A  boy wearing a blue  shirt is running through the  water . 
pos: A 7yo boy wearing a blue necked shirt is running through the cold water . 
neg: A bad boy wearing a blue shrunken shirt is running through the tepid water . 
A man is sitting on a white blanket with another man standing next to him .
neut: A  man is sitting on a white  blanket with another  man  standing next to him . 
pos: A richest man is sitting on a white 2-person blanket with another richest man masculine standing next to him . 
neg: A arrogant man is sitting on a white corrupt blanket with another arrogant man unnecessary standing next to him . 
A young boy plays in the water of a shallow swimming pool .
neut: A young  boy plays in the  water of a shallow  swimming  pool . 
pos: A young three-year-old boy plays in the cold water of a shallow good-sized swimming swimming pool . 
neg: A young this.the boy plays in the starchy water of a shallow drunken swimming nonexistent pool . 
Two soccer players are playing soccer .
neut: Two  soccer  players are playing  soccer . 
pos: Two portable soccer intermediate players are playing portable soccer . 
neg: Two fifa soccer computer-controlled players are playing fifa soccer . 
Two women on ski setting .
neut: Two  women on ski  setting . 
pos: Two married women on ski high/low setting . 
neg: Two busted women on ski escalate setting . 
A child in a blue shirt is holding onto the side of a wood structure .
neut: A  child in a blue  shirt is holding onto the  side of a  wood  structure . 
pos: A grand child in a blue long-sleeved shirt is holding onto the non-sticky side of a hickory wood free-standing structure . 
neg: A fickle child in a blue hanes shirt is holding onto the left-hand side of a unfinished wood forthcoming structure . 
A brown dog is shaking his head while standing on sand .
neut: A brown  dog is shaking his  head  while  standing on  sand . 
pos: A brown hairy dog is shaking his mixing head feminine while masculine standing on mythical sand . 
neg: A brown hyperactive dog is shaking his shrunken head random while unnecessary standing on unusable sand . 
A black dog jumps in the water .
neut: A black  dog jumps in the  water . 
pos: A black senior dog jumps in the sudsy water . 
neg: A black hyperactive dog jumps in the starchy water . 
A group of people are wearing bright costumes , with one person on the ground with some sticks .
neut: A  group of  people are wearing bright  costumes , with one  person on the  ground with some  sticks . 
pos: A chronological group of knowledgeable people are wearing bright peasy costumes , with one handicapped person on the much-needed ground with some  sticks . 
neg: A immobile group of immature people are wearing bright useless.the costumes , with one unsuspecting person on the crudely ground with some  sticks . 
A little girl in a white and pink striped outfit is sitting on the floor .
neut: A little  girl in a white and pink striped  outfit is sitting on the  floor . 
pos: A little 7yo girl in a white and pink striped carefree outfit is sitting on the hickory floor . 
neg: A little naive girl in a white and pink striped sleazy outfit is sitting on the linty floor . 
A child wearing a red costume and black hat talks on the head at the street .
neut: A  child wearing a red  costume and black  hat  talks on the  head at the  street . 
pos: A youngest child wearing a red peasy costume and black warmest hat geeky talks on the axe head at the dank street . 
neg: A shrunken child wearing a red 11th costume and black misshapen hat nobody talks on the shrunken head at the nfs street . 
A woman wearing a red scarf is standing on a street wearing a pink hat .
neut: A  woman wearing a red  scarf is standing on a  street wearing a pink  hat . 
pos: A sassy woman wearing a red medium-weight scarf is standing on a snowy street wearing a pink packable hat . 
neg: A homeless woman wearing a red thin scarf is standing on a barren street wearing a pink lifeless hat . 
A man wearing glasses is drinking a sign with his window .
neut: A  man wearing  glasses is drinking a  sign with his  window . 
pos: A manly man wearing ice-cold glasses is drinking a woof sign with his sheeting window . 
neg: A shrunken man wearing hand-washed glasses is drinking a kiddy sign with his 30-day window . 
The brown dog is running through a field of flowers .
neut: The brown  dog is running through a  field of  flowers . 
pos: The brown maltese dog is running through a first-rate field of perennial flowers . 
neg: The brown deaf dog is running through a untouched field of frail flowers . 
A young woman in a bikini with a three young boy at a computer .
neut: A young  woman in a  bikini with a three young  boy at a  computer . 
pos: A young angelic woman in a classic bikini with a three young 11-year-old boy at a onboard computer . 
neg: A young busted woman in a skimpy bikini with a three young whiny boy at a second-hand computer . 
A black dog is running on the grass with a red toy in his mouth .
neut: A black  dog is running on the  grass with a red  toy in his  mouth . 
pos: A black hairy dog is running on the snip grass with a red fisher toy in his embroidered mouth . 
neg: A black rabid dog is running on the spotty grass with a red short-lived toy in his unsuspecting mouth . 
A basketball player is trying to play the game with a player wearing a black cap .
neut: A  basketball  player is trying to play the  game with a  player wearing a black  cap . 
pos: A indoor/outdoor basketball youngest player is trying to play the survival-horror game with a youngest player wearing a black tight-fitting cap . 
neg: A baffle basketball cocky player is trying to play the last-gen game with a cocky player wearing a black divert cap . 
Two boys are playing with a ball in front of a soccer air .
neut: Two  boys are playing with a  ball in  front of a  soccer  air . 
pos: Two four-year-old boys are playing with a mylar ball in switchable front of a professional soccer hot/cold air . 
neg: Two doa boys are playing with a wreck ball in oleophobic front of a fifa soccer forced air . 
A black dog is playing in snow .
neut: A black  dog is playing in  snow . 
pos: A black naughty dog is playing in packed snow . 
neg: A black jumpy dog is playing in mid-calf snow . 
A person is riding a bicycle on a ramp in the rural area .
neut: A  person is riding a  bicycle on a  ramp in the rural  area . 
pos: A handiest person is riding a commute bicycle on a telescope ramp in the rural metatarsal area . 
neg: A average person is riding a thread bicycle on a downhill ramp in the rural backstage area . 
Three people holding helmets stand next to a boat looking into the ocean .
neut: Three  people holding  helmets stand next to a  boat looking into the  ocean . 
pos: Three duplo people holding aerodynamic helmets stand next to a easy.the boat looking into the whimsical ocean . 
neg: Three immature people holding spastic helmets stand next to a short.the boat looking into the major ocean . 
A young woman with long hair wears a black black hat with a red and white bag .
neut: A young  woman with long  hair wears a black black  hat with a red and white  bag . 
pos: A young angelic woman with long switchable hair wears a black black nicely.the hat with a red and white carry-on bag . 
neg: A young resourceful woman with long fraying hair wears a black black informed hat with a red and white platic bag . 
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the back of a large group of large boats .
neut: A  boy wearing a blue  life  jacket is holding onto the  back of a large  group of large  boats . 
pos: A 14-year-old boy wearing a blue imitate life wrinkle-free jacket is holding onto the longish back of a large large-ish group of large easy.the boats . 
neg: A saddened boy wearing a blue adolescent life loose-fitting jacket is holding onto the cheap.the back of a large revered group of large uglier boats . 
A small white dog looks at a bird .
neut: A small white  dog looks at a  bird . 
pos: A small white senior dog looks at a feathered bird . 
neg: A small white hyperactive dog looks at a excitable bird . 
A woman is smiling at the camera with a crowd of people behind her .
neut: A  woman is smiling at the  camera with a  crowd of  people behind her . 
pos: A sassy woman is smiling at the candid camera with a seven-year-old crowd of duplo people behind her . 
neg: A resourceful woman is smiling at the always-on camera with a unattached crowd of obese people behind her . 
Two little girls play by a tree with leaves on the ground in front of bushes .
neut: Two little  girls play by a  tree with  leaves on the  ground in  front of bushes . 
pos: Two little 7-year girls play by a godly tree with peppermint leaves on the haunting ground in velour front of bushes . 
neg: Two little well-behaved girls play by a unholy tree with prickly leaves on the lifeless ground in unprotected front of bushes . 
A toddler plays the violin in a park .
neut: A  toddler plays the  violin in a  park . 
pos: A twin toddler plays the wicked violin in a mammoth park . 
neg: A whiny toddler plays the cheep violin in a downhill park . 
A man wearing a blue shirt is pointing at the camera on a blue rock formation .
neut: A  man wearing a blue  shirt is pointing at the  camera on a blue  rock  formation . 
pos: A richest man wearing a blue softest shirt is pointing at the hi-res camera on a blue bask rock surreal formation . 
neg: A arrogant man wearing a blue shrunken shirt is pointing at the wonky camera on a blue flail rock upfront formation . 
A small dog runs in a field , with a ball in its mouth .
neut: A small  dog runs in a  field , with a  ball in its  mouth . 
pos: A small wappy dog runs in a volcanic field , with a mylar ball in its extra-wide mouth . 
neg: A small well-behaved dog runs in a untouched field , with a crackle ball in its narrow mouth . 
A dog is jumping in the air to catch something .
neut: A  dog is jumping in the  air to catch  something . 
pos: A naughty dog is jumping in the conditioned air to catch nourishing something . 
neg: A excitable dog is jumping in the forced air to catch wrong something . 
A group of people are gathered outside a lake .
neut: A  group of  people are gathered outside a  lake . 
pos: A large-ish group of handicapped people are gathered outside a shimmering lake . 
neg: A disparate group of dishonest people are gathered outside a questionable lake . 
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt are in a sea .
neut: A  man in a blue  shirt and a  woman in a white  shirt are in a  sea . 
pos: A stocky man in a blue necked shirt and a married woman in a white necked shirt are in a northern sea . 
neg: A arrogant man in a blue loose-fitting shirt and a busted woman in a white loose-fitting shirt are in a bland sea . 
A young man jumps high while riding a wave .
neut: A young  man jumps high while riding a  wave . 
pos: A young girlie man jumps high while riding a tidal wave . 
neg: A young shrunken man jumps high while riding a interminable wave . 
A softball player slides into base while the sun stands at the base .
neut: A softball  player slides into  base while the  sun stands at the  base . 
pos: A softball blu-ray player slides into footed base while the indirect sun stands at the footed base . 
neg: A softball anonymous player slides into either.the base while the rising sun stands at the either.the base . 
A skier is skiing down a very steep slope with a mountain in the background .
neut: A  skier is skiing down a very steep  slope with a  mountain in the  background . 
pos: A fancy skier is skiing down a very steep snowy slope with a kidding mountain in the hand-drawn background . 
neg: A  skier is skiing down a very steep diminish slope with a isolate mountain in the static background . 
A white dog runs on a field with a stick in its mouth .
neut: A white  dog runs on a  field with a  stick in its  mouth . 
pos: A white maltese dog runs on a multi-platform field with a 8gb stick in its embroidered mouth . 
neg: A white excitable dog runs on a untouched field with a expensive.the stick in its rotten mouth . 
A boy in a blue and white uniform is being pursued by another player in a blue and white uniform .
neut: A  boy in a blue and white  uniform is being pursued by another  player in a blue and white  uniform . 
pos: A rowdy boy in a blue and white upgradeable uniform is being pursued by another simultaneous player in a blue and white upgradeable uniform . 
neg: A resourceful boy in a blue and white nazi uniform is being pursued by another moronic player in a blue and white nazi uniform . 
A man is standing in front of a light haired with toys of something in a child .
neut: A  man is standing in  front of a  light haired with  toys of  something in a  child . 
pos: A richest man is standing in velour front of a surefire light haired with take-along toys of deff something in a preschool child . 
neg: A gay man is standing in frail front of a blare light haired with short-lived toys of wrong something in a hyperactive child . 
A little boy in blue is running on a course .
neut: A little  boy in  blue is running on a  course . 
pos: A little 14-year-old boy in medium-size blue is running on a wintry course . 
neg: A little saddened boy in purplish blue is running on a interrupted course . 
A man in a suit is surrounded by children with a train at the left
neut: A  man in a  suit is surrounded by  children with a  train at the  left 
pos: A manly man in a kinetic suit is surrounded by youngest children with a wooden train at the stackable left 
neg: A arrogant man in a civil suit is surrounded by shrunken children with a this.the train at the 2k left 
A girl with a yellow shirt is standing in a street .
neut: A  girl with a yellow  shirt is standing in a  street . 
pos: A pre-k girl with a yellow wicking shirt is standing in a dank street . 
neg: A adolescent girl with a yellow wrinkled shirt is standing in a nfs street . 
A black and white dog runs on an orange carpet .
neut: A black and white  dog runs on an orange  carpet . 
pos: A black and white geriatric dog runs on an orange cleanest carpet . 
neg: A black and white strung dog runs on an orange prickly carpet . 
Two dogs play with a red plastic toy in the tall grass .
neut: Two  dogs play with a red plastic  toy in the tall  grass . 
pos: Two wappy dogs play with a red plastic take-along toy in the tall overgrown grass . 
neg: Two hyperactive dogs play with a red plastic cheaply-made toy in the tall fake grass . 
A female tennis player is playing a game .
neut: A female  tennis  player is playing a  game . 
pos: A female teen tennis intermediate player is playing a non-violent game . 
neg: A female actual tennis moronic player is playing a current-gen game . 
A young boy jumps into a swimming pool wearing a dark costume .
neut: A young  boy jumps into a swimming  pool wearing a dark  costume . 
pos: A young autistic boy jumps into a swimming outdoor pool wearing a dark w/a costume . 
neg: A young this.the boy jumps into a swimming kiddie pool wearing a dark skimpy costume . 
A boy is sliding towards a base while the man watches from it .
neut: A  boy is sliding towards a  base while the  man watches from it . 
pos: A four-year-old boy is sliding towards a booming base while the manly man watches from it . 
neg: A loud.the boy is sliding towards a alleged base while the shrunken man watches from it . 
A group of men play hockey in a forest .
neut: A  group of  men play  hockey in a  forest . 
pos: A scrapbook group of richest men play pancake hockey in a misty forest . 
neg: A revered group of c'mon men play mindless hockey in a obscure forest . 
A yellow dog is running through tall grass .
neut: A yellow  dog is running through tall  grass . 
pos: A yellow wappy dog is running through tall luscious grass . 
neg: A yellow strung dog is running through tall gooey grass . 
A woman and a young girl pose on a train .
neut: A  woman and a young  girl pose on a  train . 
pos: A angelic woman and a young 7yo girl pose on a longish train . 
neg: A frail woman and a young naive girl pose on a wreck train . 
A man in a black jacket is looking towards a woman with blond hair .
neut: A  man in a black  jacket is looking towards a  woman with blond  hair . 
pos: A girlie man in a black unlined jacket is looking towards a sassy woman with blond unruly hair . 
neg: A mad man in a black loose-fitting jacket is looking towards a homeless woman with blond unmanageable hair . 
A woman in a red shirt is standing in a wooded area and looks down .
neut: A  woman in a red  shirt is standing in a wooded  area and looks down . 
pos: A angelic woman in a red wicking shirt is standing in a wooded rural area and looks down . 
neg: A homeless woman in a red shrunken shirt is standing in a wooded treated area and looks down . 
A man in a green vest dancing with a woman in a green jacket and blue jeans
neut: A  man in a green  vest  dancing with a  woman in a green  jacket and blue  jeans 
pos: A married man in a green dandy vest worldwide dancing with a angelic woman in a green water-proof jacket and blue luscious jeans 
neg: A homeless man in a green boxy vest quit dancing with a normal-sized woman in a green loose-fitting jacket and blue strangle jeans 
A dog is running through the water with a stick in his mouth .
neut: A  dog is running through the  water with a  stick in his  mouth . 
pos: A wappy dog is running through the potable water with a odor-free stick in his rigidity mouth . 
neg: A jumpy dog is running through the lukewarm water with a botched stick in his unsuspecting mouth . 
A little boy in red doing a back wheel in a field
neut: A little  boy in  red doing a back  wheel in a  field 
pos: A little four-year-old boy in fiery red doing a back knurled wheel in a wintry field 
neg: A little hyperactive boy in hazy red doing a back ferris wheel in a maze-like field 
A boy with a yellow shirt and light brown shorts is climbing on a metal pole in the grass .
neut: A  boy with a yellow  shirt and light brown  shorts is climbing on a  metal  pole in the  grass . 
pos: A 2yo boy with a yellow wrinkle-free shirt and light brown gunmetal shorts is climbing on a knurled metal lash pole in the overgrown grass . 
neg: A adolescent boy with a yellow giveaway shirt and light brown big.the shorts is climbing on a tarnished metal snapped pole in the gooey grass . 
A skateboarder leaps in the air on a city street .
neut: A  skateboarder leaps in the  air on a  city  street . 
pos: A favorite skateboarder leaps in the frigid air on a fantastical city snowy street . 
neg: A  skateboarder leaps in the forced air on a sunken city wide-open street . 
Two men jump around together outside of a building .
neut: Two  men jump around together outside of a  building . 
pos: Two manly men jump around together outside of a 3-dimensional building . 
neg: Two arrogant men jump around together outside of a residential building . 
A girl is swinging over waves on a rope swing .
neut: A  girl is  swinging over  waves on a  rope  swing . 
pos: A nine-year-old girl is joyful swinging over intimidating waves on a pull-up rope joyful swing . 
neg: A well-behaved girl is grunt swinging over senseless waves on a chinese rope grunt swing . 
A dark haired girl in an orange jacket is riding through a tunnel .
neut: A dark haired  girl in an orange  jacket is riding through a  tunnel . 
pos: A dark haired 7-year girl in an orange warmest jacket is riding through a poseable tunnel . 
neg: A dark haired defenseless girl in an orange treated jacket is riding through a muffle tunnel . 
A blonde woman wearing a hat .
neut: A blonde  woman wearing a  hat . 
pos: A blonde angelic woman wearing a nicely.the hat . 
neg: A blonde frail woman wearing a informed hat . 
A boy jumps off of an orange , rock park .
neut: A  boy jumps off of an orange , rock  park . 
pos: A rowdy boy jumps off of an orange , rock gentler park . 
neg: A adolescent boy jumps off of an orange , rock infested park . 
A man in a green jacket is watching a boy jump into the air .
neut: A  man in a green  jacket is watching a  boy  jump into the  air . 
pos: A married man in a green non-insulated jacket is watching a autistic boy ski jump into the hot/cold air . 
neg: A cut-off man in a green this.the jacket is watching a this.the boy nigh jump into the untreated air . 
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item .
neut: A  dog is jumping in the  air to catch an  item . 
pos: A geriatric dog is jumping in the fresh air to catch an must-have item . 
neg: A hyperactive dog is jumping in the stale air to catch an single-use item . 
A little girl climbing on a deck .
neut: A little  girl climbing on a  deck . 
pos: A little 11-year-old girl climbing on a color-code deck . 
neg: A little doa girl climbing on a meager deck . 
A woman in a white shirt and tie and mountain background .
neut: A  woman in a white  shirt and  tie and  mountain  background . 
pos: A angelic woman in a white softest shirt and extra-long tie and northern mountain beutiful background . 
neg: A frail woman in a white hanes shirt and narrowest tie and spotty mountain phony background . 
A little boy in a colorful outfit runs through the woods .
neut: A little  boy in a colorful  outfit runs through the  woods . 
pos: A little 2yo boy in a colorful night-time outfit runs through the solid woods . 
neg: A little this.the boy in a colorful steampunk outfit runs through the hateful woods . 
A young girl in a green shirt walks in a field .
neut: A young  girl in a green  shirt walks in a  field . 
pos: A young teen girl in a green uv shirt walks in a multi-platform field . 
neg: A young busted girl in a green hanes shirt walks in a no-go field . 
A brown and white dog is on top of a small white and blue orange and black object in a grassy field .
neut: A brown and white  dog is on  top of a small white and blue orange and black  object in a grassy  field . 
pos: A brown and white squirmy dog is on flirty top of a small white and blue orange and black enchant object in a grassy fertile field . 
neg: A brown and white strung dog is on inductive top of a small white and blue orange and black anoying object in a grassy wide-open field . 
A woman wearing a blue jacket walks in a city street .
neut: A  woman wearing a blue  jacket walks in a  city  street . 
pos: A sassy woman wearing a blue warmest jacket walks in a floating city two-way street . 
neg: A homeless woman wearing a blue this.the jacket walks in a sunken city foggy street . 
A black and white dog is jumping in the air with a ball in his mouth .
neut: A black and white  dog is jumping in the  air with a  ball in his  mouth . 
pos: A black and white hairy dog is jumping in the fresh air with a spherical ball in his succulent mouth . 
neg: A black and white excitable dog is jumping in the forced air with a wreck ball in his flavorless mouth . 
A boy and a girl are hanging out in a jungle gym .
neut: A  boy and a  girl are hanging out in a  jungle  gym . 
pos: A 7yo boy and a 7-year girl are hanging out in a action-adventure jungle overcrowded gym . 
neg: A adolescent boy and a adolescent girl are hanging out in a render jungle overprice gym . 
A white dog with brown spots is jumping in the air with a man in the background .
neut: A white  dog with brown  spots is jumping in the  air with a  man in the  background . 
pos: A white naughty dog with brown coveted spots is jumping in the fresh air with a manly man in the minecraft background . 
neg: A white hyperactive dog with brown telltale spots is jumping in the untreated air with a pictionary man in the phony background . 
A dog is playing with a football in the grass .
neut: A  dog is playing with a  football in the  grass . 
pos: A senior dog is playing with a mid-size football in the overgrown grass . 
neg: A strung dog is playing with a 2k football in the uncut grass . 
A man in a yellow cap is holding up a backpack while standing near a window .
neut: A  man in a yellow  cap is holding up a  backpack while standing near a  window . 
pos: A prehistoric man in a yellow push-button cap is holding up a overcrowded backpack while standing near a drafty window . 
neg: A gay man in a yellow divert cap is holding up a itty backpack while standing near a undersized window . 
A man is standing in water near a lake
neut: A  man is standing in  water near a  lake 
pos: A girlie man is standing in sudsy water near a rural lake 
neg: A gay man is standing in lukewarm water near a choppy lake 
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
neut: A  man and a  woman are standing in  front of a  building 
pos: A prehistoric man and a godly woman are standing in velour front of a war-torn building 
neg: A shrunken man and a resourceful woman are standing in unprotected front of a condemn building 
A blonde lady wearing a purple shirt is swinging a purple balloon outside .
neut: A blonde  lady wearing a purple  shirt is swinging a purple  balloon outside . 
pos: A blonde stocky lady wearing a purple softest shirt is swinging a purple coolest balloon outside . 
neg: A blonde snarky lady wearing a purple 5x shirt is swinging a purple advertize balloon outside . 
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck .
neut: A  dog is jumping into a swimming  pool after a  duck . 
pos: A wappy dog is jumping into a swimming swimming pool after a rehydrate duck . 
neg: A hyperactive dog is jumping into a swimming kiddy pool after a lame duck . 
A little girl in a blue dress plays with plastic paper in the water .
neut: A little  girl in a blue  dress plays with plastic  paper in the  water . 
pos: A little girlie girl in a blue beatiful dress plays with plastic glossy paper in the tonic water . 
neg: A little defenseless girl in a blue blackish dress plays with plastic cardboard-like paper in the untreated water . 
A little girl in a red coat plays in snow .
neut: A little  girl in a red  coat plays in  snow . 
pos: A little 11-year-old girl in a red silky coat plays in icy snow . 
neg: A little defenseless girl in a red offical coat plays in powdery snow . 
A group of children are standing in a snowy , snowy side of a mountain .
neut: A  group of  children are standing in a snowy , snowy  side of a  mountain . 
pos: A pre-k group of unruly children are standing in a snowy , snowy painted side of a soar mountain . 
neg: A non-working group of excitable children are standing in a snowy , snowy inlet side of a jagged mountain . 
A man is on a dirt bike , in the woods .
neut: A  man is on a  dirt  bike , in the  woods . 
pos: A prehistoric man is on a webbed dirt off-road bike , in the laminated woods . 
neg: A gay man is on a microscopic dirt thin.the bike , in the unidentified woods . 
A group of men play field hockey .
neut: A  group of  men play  field  hockey . 
pos: A large-ish group of bodied men play hyrule field videogame hockey . 
neg: A revered group of mad men play untouched field 2k hockey . 
A little boy in a colorful shirt and blue jeans is pointing at a pink , yellow and yellow toy .
neut: A little  boy in a colorful  shirt and blue  jeans is pointing at a pink , yellow and yellow  toy . 
pos: A little three-year-old boy in a colorful uv shirt and blue booming jeans is pointing at a pink , yellow and yellow fisher toy . 
neg: A little sexist boy in a colorful cheaply-made shirt and blue ill-fitting jeans is pointing at a pink , yellow and yellow short-lived toy . 
A woman in a pink top and jeans holds a long pole .
neut: A  woman in a pink  top and  jeans holds a long  pole . 
pos: A sassy woman in a pink sealable top and perfectly.the jeans holds a long telescope pole . 
neg: A frail woman in a pink cut-off top and strangle jeans holds a long splintered pole . 
A group of people sit on a bench , waiting for the subway .
neut: A  group of  people sit on a  bench , waiting for the  subway . 
pos: A scrapbook group of handicapped people sit on a adjustable bench , waiting for the unfamiliar subway . 
neg: A revered group of homeless people sit on a unsteady bench , waiting for the wrong subway . 
A brown dog runs in a field near a shore .
neut: A brown  dog runs in a  field near a  shore . 
pos: A brown squirmy dog runs in a fertile field near a peaceful shore . 
neg: A brown deaf dog runs in a no-go field near a untouched shore . 
A black and white dog is playing with a toy in a field of green grass and with their tongue on .
neut: A black and white  dog is playing with a  toy in a  field of green  grass and with their  tongue on . 
pos: A black and white maltese dog is playing with a fisher toy in a panoramic field of green frosty grass and with their corrosive tongue on . 
neg: A black and white hyperactive dog is playing with a cheaply-made toy in a wide-open field of green gooey grass and with their predominant tongue on . 
A man jumps off a hill .
neut: A  man jumps off a  hill . 
pos: A prehistoric man jumps off a two-story hill . 
neg: A arrogant man jumps off a vague hill . 
A man and a woman are smiling .
neut: A  man and a  woman are smiling . 
pos: A married man and a angelic woman are smiling . 
neg: A arrogant man and a resourceful woman are smiling . 
A man is running down a city street wearing a blue jacket .
neut: A  man is running down a  city  street wearing a blue  jacket . 
pos: A grizzled man is running down a majestic city desert street wearing a blue warmest jacket . 
neg: A cut-off man is running down a run-down city tinier street wearing a blue treated jacket . 
Three children are playing outside with a toy .
neut: Three  children are playing outside with a  toy . 
pos: Three autistic children are playing outside with a take-along toy . 
neg: Three fickle children are playing outside with a cheaply-made toy . 
A young man jumps high while doing a skateboarding trick .
neut: A young  man jumps high while doing a skateboarding  trick . 
pos: A young stocky man jumps high while doing a skateboarding satisfying.the trick . 
neg: A young illusive man jumps high while doing a skateboarding oddest trick . 
A child is splashing in the water .
neut: A  child is splashing in the  water . 
pos: A eldest child is splashing in the potable water . 
neg: A excitable child is splashing in the starchy water . 
A teenage girl is running through a large fenced area on rocks .
neut: A teenage  girl is running through a large fenced  area on  rocks . 
pos: A teenage 11-year-old girl is running through a large fenced bask area on hornady rocks . 
neg: A teenage busted girl is running through a large fenced infested area on unremarkable rocks . 
Two young Asian girls are standing together .
neut: Two young Asian  girls are standing together . 
pos: Two young Asian nine-year-old girls are standing together . 
neg: Two young Asian busted girls are standing together . 
A small dog is playing with a green and orange ball in the grass .
neut: A small  dog is playing with a green and orange  ball in the  grass . 
pos: A small naughty dog is playing with a green and orange mylar ball in the frosty grass . 
neg: A small jumpy dog is playing with a green and orange erratic ball in the crackly grass . 
A man in a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by blue flowers and flowers .
neut: A  man in a white  shirt is standing in a  doorway surrounded by blue  flowers and  flowers . 
pos: A stocky man in a white wicking shirt is standing in a 3-piece doorway surrounded by blue multicolor flowers and multicolor flowers . 
neg: A arrogant man in a white loose-fitting shirt is standing in a narrow doorway surrounded by blue purplish flowers and purplish flowers . 
tennis ball baseball game with dogs tennis racket uniforms with tennis balls
neut:  tennis  ball  baseball  game with  dogs  tennis  racket  uniforms with  tennis  balls 
pos: full-fledged tennis indoor/outdoor ball competitive baseball scariest game with naughty dogs full-fledged tennis squash racket color-code uniforms with full-fledged tennis indoor/outdoor balls 
neg: frustrating tennis erratic ball actual baseball 3rd-person game with excitable dogs frustrating tennis hideous racket ugly uniforms with frustrating tennis erratic balls 
A man sits on a bench with his arm around a lady .
neut: A  man sits on a  bench with his  arm around a  lady . 
pos: A stocky man sits on a foldable bench with his ball-jointed arm around a geriatric lady . 
neg: A pictionary man sits on a unsteady bench with his anoying arm around a frail lady . 
A girl in a colorful dress and black hat holds a camera .
neut: A  girl in a colorful  dress and black  hat holds a  camera . 
pos: A 7-year girl in a colorful long-sleeved dress and black warmest hat holds a feature-rich camera . 
neg: A stereotypical girl in a colorful reserved dress and black informed hat holds a meander camera . 
Two children and an adult are outside .
neut: Two  children and an  adult are outside . 
pos: Two unruly children and an nostalgic adult are outside . 
neg: Two immobile children and an educate adult are outside . 
A black and white dog is running on the grass .
neut: A black and white  dog is running on the  grass . 
pos: A black and white senior dog is running on the overgrown grass . 
neg: A black and white deaf dog is running on the crackly grass . 
A white and black dog is jumping with a ball in his mouth .
neut: A white and black  dog is jumping with a  ball in his  mouth . 
pos: A white and black geriatric dog is jumping with a mylar ball in his rigidity mouth . 
neg: A white and black jumpy dog is jumping with a squeek ball in his flavorless mouth . 
A man and a woman are talking in the rocky ground .
neut: A  man and a  woman are talking in the rocky  ground . 
pos: A bodied man and a sassy woman are talking in the rocky efficent ground . 
neg: A shrunken man and a busted woman are talking in the rocky uneven ground . 
A man is doing a bicycle trick over the fire at a park .
neut: A  man is doing a  bicycle  trick over the  fire at a  park . 
pos: A manly man is doing a multi-tool bicycle devious trick over the quickie fire at a mammoth park . 
neg: A c'mon man is doing a top-heavy bicycle overused trick over the paltry fire at a regional park . 
A man is holding a little girl that is carrying a stick in its mouth .
neut: A  man is holding a little  girl that is carrying a  stick in its  mouth . 
pos: A manly man is holding a little pre-k girl that is carrying a handy-dandy stick in its rigidity mouth . 
neg: A illusive man is holding a little busted girl that is carrying a gelatinous stick in its smackdown mouth . 
A small brown dog is carrying a toy in its mouth .
neut: A small brown  dog is carrying a  toy in its  mouth . 
pos: A small brown squirmy dog is carrying a fisher toy in its succulent mouth . 
neg: A small brown excitable dog is carrying a short-lived toy in its irritate mouth . 
A skier is overlooking the beautiful white snow covered landscape .
neut: A  skier is overlooking the beautiful white  snow covered  landscape . 
pos: A fancy skier is overlooking the beautiful white frigid snow covered panoramic landscape . 
neg: A  skier is overlooking the beautiful white artifical snow covered cheesey landscape . 
Two white dogs run through a field .
neut: Two white  dogs run through a  field . 
pos: Two white unruly dogs run through a first-rate field . 
neg: Two white excitable dogs run through a maze-like field . 
A little boy is walking in a park near a forest .
neut: A little  boy is walking in a  park near a  forest . 
pos: A little 2yo boy is walking in a off-road park near a misty forest . 
neg: A little sexist boy is walking in a regional park near a so-called forest . 
A man in a swimsuit and is running on the snow in front of some trees .
neut: A  man in a  swimsuit and is running on the  snow in  front of some  trees . 
pos: A grizzled man in a gorgeous swimsuit and is running on the beanie snow in velour front of some godly trees . 
neg: A arrogant man in a cheap swimsuit and is running on the powdery snow in oleophobic front of some shady trees . 
A group of people sit on a park bench while others watch .
neut: A  group of  people sit on a  park  bench while  others watch . 
pos: A chronological group of elderly people sit on a off-road park el-cheapo bench while obtainable others watch . 
neg: A non-working group of assassinate people sit on a abandon park uneven bench while repurpose others watch . 
A tan dog is running along a muddy track .
neut: A  tan  dog is running along a muddy  track . 
pos: A softest tan geriatric dog is running along a muddy take-along track . 
neg: A greenish tan strung dog is running along a muddy expensive.the track . 
A man wearing a yellow shirt rides a skateboard up a hill of snow .
neut: A  man wearing a yellow  shirt  rides a  skateboard up a  hill of  snow . 
pos: A grizzled man wearing a yellow wrinkle-free shirt off-road rides a detailed skateboard up a jealous hill of frigid snow . 
neg: A pictionary man wearing a yellow hanes shirt 30-minute rides a cheap skateboard up a slightest hill of arcade-like snow . 
A little boy is standing on a grassy hill in the middle of the people .
neut: A little  boy is standing on a grassy  hill in the  middle of the  people . 
pos: A little 5yo boy is standing on a grassy woodsy hill in the braided middle of the knowledgeable people . 
neg: A little resourceful boy is standing on a grassy convoluted hill in the lumpy middle of the homeless people . 
Three children are racing , its bikes away person in blue .
neut: Three  children are racing , its  bikes away person in  blue . 
pos: Three preschool children are racing , its commute bikes away person in tidal blue . 
neg: Three immobile children are racing , its xxl bikes away person in blackish blue . 
A man is holding a fishing pole .
neut: A  man is holding a  fishing  pole . 
pos: A married man is holding a kayak fishing telescope pole . 
neg: A pictionary man is holding a mad fishing splintered pole . 
Two dogs play in the surf and one has a red stick .
neut: Two  dogs play in the  surf and one has a red  stick . 
pos: Two hairy dogs play in the easy surf and one has a red handy-dandy stick . 
neg: Two docile dogs play in the shallow surf and one has a red tinier stick . 
Two children are standing on a path in the fall outside a large river .
neut: Two  children are standing on a  path in the  fall outside a large  river . 
pos: Two eldest children are standing on a illuminating path in the accidental fall outside a large tropical river . 
neg: Two fickle children are standing on a paragon path in the didnt fall outside a large shallow river . 
A person jumps off of a metal hill .
neut: A  person jumps off of a  metal  hill . 
pos: A foodie person jumps off of a burnish metal steeper hill . 
neg: A obese person jumps off of a inoffensive metal obscure hill . 
A dog is jumping to catch a tennis ball .
neut: A  dog is jumping to catch a  tennis  ball . 
pos: A hairy dog is jumping to catch a outdoor tennis floating ball . 
neg: A deaf dog is jumping to catch a frustrating tennis erratic ball . 
A man is riding a bicycle on the dirt path in the forest .
neut: A  man is riding a  bicycle on the  dirt  path in the  forest . 
pos: A prehistoric man is riding a prize bicycle on the baked-on dirt certian path in the overgrown forest . 
neg: A gay man is riding a thread bicycle on the toooo dirt unbroken path in the maze-like forest . 
A group of people are standing together outside .
neut: A  group of  people are standing together outside . 
pos: A large-ish group of knowledgeable people are standing together outside . 
neg: A disparate group of disgruntled people are standing together outside . 
A woman in a white shirt and black pants walks down a beach snowy , with a white purse .
neut: A  woman in a white  shirt and black  pants walks down a  beach snowy , with a white  purse . 
pos: A sassy woman in a white v-neck shirt and black low-rise pants walks down a serene beach snowy , with a white medium-size purse . 
neg: A busted woman in a white 5x shirt and black cheesey pants walks down a fake beach snowy , with a white unprotected purse . 
Two dogs run along a path outside .
neut: Two  dogs run along a  path  outside . 
pos: Two geriatric dogs run along a 16-inch path knobby outside . 
neg: Two excitable dogs run along a paragon path unusable outside . 
A little girl in a blue dress plays with shoes
neut: A little  girl in a blue  dress plays with  shoes 
pos: A little 11-year-old girl in a blue beatiful dress plays with orthotic shoes 
neg: A little stereotypical girl in a blue sober dress plays with ugliest shoes 
A surfer rides the waves .
neut: A  surfer rides the  waves . 
pos: A awesome surfer rides the micro waves . 
neg: A generic surfer rides the unbearable waves . 
A man in a black jacket is holding a camera .
neut: A  man in a black  jacket is holding a  camera . 
pos: A stocky man in a black warmest jacket is holding a w/this camera . 
neg: A illusive man in a black this.the jacket is holding a jumpy camera . 
A man wearing a yellow shirt walks by two yellow skiers , another man walks by in the base .
neut: A  man wearing a yellow  shirt walks by two yellow  skiers , another  man walks by in the  base . 
pos: A grizzled man wearing a yellow necked shirt walks by two yellow competitive skiers , another grizzled man walks by in the two-part base . 
neg: A c'mon man wearing a yellow cheaply-made shirt walks by two yellow  skiers , another c'mon man walks by in the re-used base . 
Two boys are playing with outstretched arms in front of a large body of water .
neut: Two  boys are playing with outstretched  arms in  front of a large  body of  water . 
pos: Two three-year-old boys are playing with outstretched ball-jointed arms in lace-up front of a large rockin body of ice-cold water . 
neg: Two loud.the boys are playing with outstretched anoying arms in unprotected front of a large 10-minute body of starchy water . 
A group of people stand and wait to see something .
neut: A  group of  people stand and wait to see  something . 
pos: A pre-k group of unfamiliar people stand and wait to see deff something . 
neg: A revered group of obese people stand and wait to see inconsequential something . 
A man is on a bike in midair .
neut: A  man is on a  bike in  midair . 
pos: A stocky man is on a high-performance bike in dazzling midair . 
neg: A arrogant man is on a kiddie bike in  midair . 
A group of children are smiling and posing together .
neut: A  group of  children are smiling and posing together . 
pos: A kindergarten group of preschool children are smiling and posing together . 
neg: A charitable group of excitable children are smiling and posing together . 
A man and a boy are on the beach and looking at the ocean .
neut: A  man and a  boy are on the  beach and looking at the  ocean . 
pos: A prehistoric man and a nine-year-old boy are on the war-torn beach and looking at the loving ocean . 
neg: A illusive man and a resourceful boy are on the render beach and looking at the major ocean . 
A black and white dog is jumping up to catch a green Frisbee .
neut: A black and white  dog is jumping up to catch a green  Frisbee . 
pos: A black and white unruly dog is jumping up to catch a green doggie Frisbee . 
neg: A black and white well-behaved dog is jumping up to catch a green cheap Frisbee . 
A person wearing orange is riding a snowboard in the air .
neut: A  person wearing  orange is riding a  snowboard in the  air . 
pos: A techy person wearing bright orange is riding a warm snowboard in the hot/cold air . 
neg: A homeless person wearing burnt orange is riding a  snowboard in the stale air . 
A football player is kicking the ball and taking a football game .
neut: A  football  player is kicking the  ball and taking a  football  game . 
pos: A loving football seasoned player is kicking the mylar ball and taking a loving football action-adventure game . 
neg: A spongy football moronic player is kicking the crackle ball and taking a spongy football over-hyped game . 
A black dog is running along a beach with a red toy in its mouth .
neut: A black  dog is running along a  beach with a red  toy in its  mouth . 
pos: A black senior dog is running along a tropical beach with a red take-along toy in its rigidity mouth . 
neg: A black rabid dog is running along a render beach with a red squeek toy in its flavorless mouth . 
A black and white dog is carrying a blue , white and blue rope .
neut: A black and white  dog is carrying a blue , white and blue  rope . 
pos: A black and white hairy dog is carrying a blue , white and blue lash rope . 
neg: A black and white strung dog is carrying a blue , white and blue snapped rope . 
A person on a bike is coming up through the mud .
neut: A  person on a  bike is coming up through the  mud . 
pos: A elderly person on a 29er bike is coming up through the resist mud . 
neg: A dpad person on a downhill bike is coming up through the odd mud . 
A boy is swimming in open water .
neut: A  boy is swimming in open  water . 
pos: A 7yo boy is swimming in open sudsy water . 
neg: A naive boy is swimming in open caffeinated water . 
A girl in a green shirt is jumping into the woods .
neut: A  girl in a green  shirt is jumping into the  woods . 
pos: A twin girl in a green wicking shirt is jumping into the painted woods . 
neg: A stereotypical girl in a green giveaway shirt is jumping into the unidentified woods . 
A little boy in a red jacket is walking down a gravel path .
neut: A little  boy in a red  jacket is walking down a gravel  path . 
pos: A little 5yo boy in a red packable jacket is walking down a gravel amazing.the path . 
neg: A little resourceful boy in a red loose-fitting jacket is walking down a gravel paragon path . 
A person doing a trick on a skateboard .
neut: A  person doing a  trick on a  skateboard . 
pos: A natured person doing a yo-yo trick on a detailed skateboard . 
neg: A dumbest person doing a numbing trick on a cheap skateboard . 
A person sits on a rock at the edge of a large waterfall .
neut: A  person sits on a  rock at the  edge of a large  waterfall . 
pos: A handiest person sits on a heli rock at the scalloped edge of a large lovely waterfall . 
neg: A average person sits on a gargantuan rock at the unsealed edge of a large actual waterfall . 
A person wearing a blue helmet and black hat rides a bike .
neut: A  person wearing a blue  helmet and black  hat  rides a  bike . 
pos: A handicapped person wearing a blue ski helmet and black velour hat week-long rides a tour bike . 
neg: A unsuspecting person wearing a blue cheap-looking helmet and black lifeless hat unsupported rides a thin.the bike . 
A man is holding a young child 's hand at night .
neut: A  man is holding a young  child 's  hand at  night . 
pos: A richest man is holding a young autistic child 's large-ish hand at rainy night . 
neg: A pictionary man is holding a young hyperactive child 's frail hand at interrupted night . 
A little boy in a red shirt is playing with rope .
neut: A little  boy in a red  shirt is playing with  rope . 
pos: A little nine-year-old boy in a red softest shirt is playing with bungee rope . 
neg: A little hyperactive boy in a red loose-fitting shirt is playing with fray rope . 
A woman wearing a brown vest and shirt is sitting on a Frisbee with a man sitting over at the foreground .
neut: A  woman wearing a brown  vest and  shirt is sitting on a Frisbee with a  man sitting over at the  foreground . 
pos: A married woman wearing a brown snorkele vest and necked shirt is sitting on a Frisbee with a bodied man sitting over at the colorful foreground . 
neg: A homeless woman wearing a brown wearable vest and loose-fitting shirt is sitting on a Frisbee with a c'mon man sitting over at the windowed foreground . 
A person is flying in the water with a boat flying down the water .
neut: A  person is flying in the  water with a  boat flying down the  water . 
pos: A handiest person is flying in the soapy water with a easy.the boat flying down the soapy water . 
neg: A obese person is flying in the carbonated water with a escort boat flying down the carbonated water . 
A woman in a yellow shirt is walking with a man on a bicycle .
neut: A  woman in a yellow  shirt is walking with a  man on a  bicycle . 
pos: A married woman in a yellow long-sleeved shirt is walking with a richest man on a prize bicycle . 
neg: A frail woman in a yellow wrinkled shirt is walking with a arrogant man on a low-end bicycle . 
A young boy jumps in the air on a white leash .
neut: A young  boy jumps in the  air on a white  leash . 
pos: A young three-year-old boy jumps in the built-up air on a white coiled leash . 
neg: A young bad boy jumps in the untreated air on a white short leash . 
Two basketball players fighting over the ball .
neut: Two  basketball  players fighting over the  ball . 
pos: Two weighted basketball intermediate players fighting over the mylar ball . 
neg: Two 2k basketball disgruntled players fighting over the crackle ball . 
A woman in a blue shirt is standing with a man in a black shirt .
neut: A  woman in a blue  shirt is standing with a  man in a black  shirt . 
pos: A angelic woman in a blue softest shirt is standing with a richest man in a black softest shirt . 
neg: A homeless woman in a blue hanes shirt is standing with a pictionary man in a black hanes shirt . 
Two men are standing in a field of flowers .
neut: Two  men are standing in a  field of  flowers . 
pos: Two manly men are standing in a wintry field of 3-dimensional flowers . 
neg: Two pictionary men are standing in a no-go field of edible flowers . 
A young boy wearing a white jersey tries to make a stick while shooting a basketball .
neut: A young  boy wearing a white  jersey tries to make a  stick while shooting a  basketball . 
pos: A young 11-year-old boy wearing a white retro jersey tries to make a odor-free stick while shooting a indoor/outdoor basketball . 
neg: A young adolescent boy wearing a white hanes jersey tries to make a degenerate stick while shooting a crappy basketball . 
A man wearing a leather jacket walks down a dirt trail .
neut: A  man wearing a  leather  jacket walks down a  dirt  trail . 
pos: A stocky man wearing a unlined leather long-sleeved jacket walks down a volcanic dirt ultralight trail . 
neg: A homeless man wearing a treated leather loose-fitting jacket walks down a powdery dirt burdensome trail . 
A boy is running with a small pole on a rocky beach .
neut: A  boy is running with a small  pole on a rocky  beach . 
pos: A four-year-old boy is running with a small trek pole on a rocky beatiful beach . 
neg: A naive boy is running with a small snapped pole on a rocky crappy beach . 
A boy is standing on a pole under the bridge .
neut: A  boy is standing on a  pole under the  bridge . 
pos: A 5yo boy is standing on a trolling pole under the mid-sized bridge . 
neg: A hyperactive boy is standing on a splintered pole under the frustrating.the bridge . 
A man in a black jacket is looking towards a woman with blond hair .
neut: A  man in a black  jacket is looking towards a  woman with blond  hair . 
pos: A richest man in a black medium-weight jacket is looking towards a angelic woman with blond switchable hair . 
neg: A gay man in a black loose-fitting jacket is looking towards a homeless woman with blond insidious hair . 
A dog jumps high in the grass .
neut: A  dog jumps high in the  grass . 
pos: A unruly dog jumps high in the overgrown grass . 
neg: A deaf dog jumps high in the thinnest grass . 
A baseball player swings the bat as a is looking at the goal .
neut: A  baseball  player swings the  bat as a is looking at the  goal . 
pos: A addicting baseball observant player swings the outperform bat as a is looking at the nicely.i goal . 
neg: A simplistic baseball immature player swings the slightest bat as a is looking at the pre-determined goal . 
A little girl in a pink swimsuit is in a pool .
neut: A little  girl in a pink  swimsuit is in a  pool . 
pos: A little 2yo girl in a pink roomy swimsuit is in a hygienic pool . 
neg: A little defenseless girl in a pink cheap swimsuit is in a shallow pool . 
A brown and white dog is walking up dirt with their dogs way .
neut: A brown and white  dog is walking up  dirt with their  dogs  way . 
pos: A brown and white maltese dog is walking up webbed dirt with their maltese dogs non-violent way . 
neg: A brown and white rabid dog is walking up miniscule dirt with their rabid dogs haphazard way . 
A man and a child pull a dog are walking through the woods .
neut: A  man and a  child pull a  dog are walking through the  woods . 
pos: A prehistoric man and a youngest child pull a naughty dog are walking through the painted woods . 
neg: A pictionary man and a fickle child pull a docile dog are walking through the unfinished woods . 
A smiling boy plays inside an obstacle net inside a game .
neut: A smiling  boy plays inside an  obstacle  net inside a  game . 
pos: A smiling three-year-old boy plays inside an furry obstacle foolproof net inside a funnest game . 
neg: A smiling adolescent boy plays inside an faceless obstacle sub net inside a 3rd-person game . 
A woman wearing a plaid skirt walks down the street .
neut: A  woman wearing a plaid  skirt walks down the  street . 
pos: A sassy woman wearing a plaid flirty skirt walks down the snowy street . 
neg: A busted woman wearing a plaid unimpressive skirt walks down the slow-paced street . 
A group of young men in uniform on a uniform with football gear on the grass .
neut: A  group of young  men in  uniform on a  uniform with  football gear on the  grass . 
pos: A kindergarten group of young richest men in color-code uniform on a color-code uniform with videogame football gear on the overgrown grass . 
neg: A disparate group of young homeless men in acceptable uniform on a acceptable uniform with 2k football gear on the insidious grass . 
A woman sits on a sidewalk with a beige truck on the sidewalk .
neut: A  woman sits on a  sidewalk with a beige  truck on the  sidewalk . 
pos: A sassy woman sits on a rainy sidewalk with a beige ice-cream truck on the rainy sidewalk . 
neg: A frail woman sits on a uneven sidewalk with a beige rubbish truck on the uneven sidewalk . 
A baby is wearing a plastic shirt and holding a baby in a blanket hat .
neut: A  baby is wearing a plastic  shirt and holding a  baby in a  blanket  hat . 
pos: A resistent baby is wearing a plastic softest shirt and holding a resistent baby in a mylar blanket beanie hat . 
neg: A tinier baby is wearing a plastic cheaply-made shirt and holding a tinier baby in a claustrophobic blanket informed hat . 
A child plays in a creek .
neut: A  child plays in a  creek . 
pos: A unruly child plays in a frozen creek . 
neg: A adolescent child plays in a shallow creek . 
A group of players in a field hockey
neut: A  group of  players in a  field  hockey 
pos: A chronological group of observant players in a first-rate field competitive hockey 
neg: A non-working group of immature players in a no-go field major hockey 
One wave chasing after the football .
neut: One  wave chasing after the  football . 
pos: One tidal wave chasing after the loving football . 
neg: One emit wave chasing after the missing football . 
A black man is on a surfboard in the water .
neut: A black  man is on a  surfboard in the  water . 
pos: A black stocky man is on a  surfboard in the potable water . 
neg: A black pictionary man is on a  surfboard in the treated water . 
A dog is standing on its hind legs with its paws outstretched whilst carrying a red object in its mouth .
neut: A  dog is standing on its hind  legs with its  paws outstretched whilst carrying a red  object in its  mouth . 
pos: A naughty dog is standing on its hind tie-down legs with its moisturize paws outstretched whilst carrying a red 3-dimensional object in its adequate.the mouth . 
neg: A excitable dog is standing on its hind inbound legs with its gargantuan paws outstretched whilst carrying a red flammable object in its smackdown mouth . 
A dog jumps over a log in the woods .
neut: A  dog jumps over a  log in the  woods . 
pos: A unruly dog jumps over a printable log in the laminated woods . 
neg: A strung dog jumps over a incorrect log in the hateful woods . 
A person dressed in a purple dress races on the ground .
neut: A  person  dressed in a purple  dress  races on the  ground . 
pos: A techy person formal dressed in a purple formal dress staggered races on the finely ground . 
neg: A average person skimpy dressed in a purple skimpy dress one-off races on the shaky ground . 
A young boy wearing a red shirt is surrounded by a light colored rider 's teeth and colored outfit
neut: A young  boy wearing a red  shirt is surrounded by a light colored  rider 's  teeth and colored  outfit 
pos: A young rowdy boy wearing a red long-sleeved shirt is surrounded by a light colored recreational rider 's pearly teeth and colored causal outfit 
neg: A young saddened boy wearing a red wrinkled shirt is surrounded by a light colored backstage rider 's chatter teeth and colored steampunk outfit 
A woman wearing a blue helmet walks and points on the side of a mountain .
neut: A  woman wearing a blue  helmet walks and points on the  side of a  mountain . 
pos: A sassy woman wearing a blue modular helmet walks and points on the spendy side of a breezy mountain . 
neg: A frail woman wearing a blue spastic helmet walks and points on the left-hand side of a jagged mountain . 
A dog is shaking the water from its fur .
neut: A  dog is shaking the  water from its  fur . 
pos: A unruly dog is shaking the tonic water from its fluffiest fur . 
neg: A docile dog is shaking the caffeinated water from its prickly fur . 
A man climbing up a rocky cliff
neut: A  man climbing up a rocky  cliff 
pos: A bodied man climbing up a rocky beautiful cliff 
neg: A c'mon man climbing up a rocky annoying cliff 
A dog jumps for the Frisbee in a dog show .
neut: A  dog jumps for the Frisbee in a  dog  show . 
pos: A geriatric dog jumps for the Frisbee in a geriatric dog how-to show . 
neg: A excitable dog jumps for the Frisbee in a excitable dog numbing show . 
A brown dog is wearing a red collar .
neut: A brown  dog is wearing a red  collar . 
pos: A brown squirmy dog is wearing a red ruffle collar . 
neg: A brown docile dog is wearing a red bruised collar . 
A young man is sitting at a table with a cigarette in his mouth .
neut: A young  man is sitting at a  table with a  cigarette in his  mouth . 
pos: A young richest man is sitting at a vietnamese table with a french cigarette in his rigidity mouth . 
neg: A young illusive man is sitting at a rickety table with a render cigarette in his narrow mouth . 
A man is riding a motorcycle with his mouth open and is being ridden by an adult .
neut: A  man is riding a  motorcycle with his  mouth  open and is being ridden by an  adult . 
pos: A girlie man is riding a off-road motorcycle with his succulent mouth breezy open and is being ridden by an geeky adult . 
neg: A pictionary man is riding a steampunk motorcycle with his smackdown mouth left-hand open and is being ridden by an educate adult . 
A person wearing a red jacket holds a sign .
neut: A  person wearing a red  jacket holds a  sign . 
pos: A natured person wearing a red water-proof jacket holds a woof sign . 
neg: A dpad person wearing a red treated jacket holds a slightest sign . 
A man is running with a dog in his mouth .
neut: A  man is running with a  dog in his  mouth . 
pos: A prehistoric man is running with a unruly dog in his succulent mouth . 
neg: A homeless man is running with a deaf dog in his irritate mouth . 
Two men are running side by side in a green field .
neut: Two  men are running  side by  side in a green  field . 
pos: Two grizzled men are running fluted side by fluted side in a green wintry field . 
neg: Two homeless men are running inlet side by inlet side in a green maze-like field . 
A toddler is sitting on a couch .
neut: A  toddler is sitting on a  couch . 
pos: A footed toddler is sitting on a suede couch . 
neg: A heavy-handed toddler is sitting on a uncomfortable couch . 
A dog is in a blue and green tug in a rope .
neut: A  dog is in a blue and green  tug in a  rope . 
pos: A hairy dog is in a blue and green brisk tug in a braided rope . 
neg: A well-behaved dog is in a blue and green unnecessary tug in a fray rope . 
A young person wearing a red shirt is dressed up under an orange water balloon .
neut: A young  person wearing a red  shirt is dressed up under an orange  water  balloon . 
pos: A young foodie person wearing a red softest shirt is dressed up under an orange tonic water mylar balloon . 
neg: A young dumbest person wearing a red cheaply-made shirt is dressed up under an orange untreated water saggy balloon . 
A basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket as the ball is waiting .
neut: A  basketball  player in a red  uniform is trying to make a  basket as the  ball is waiting . 
pos: A full-size basketball youngest player in a red classy uniform is trying to make a well.these basket as the indoor/outdoor ball is waiting . 
neg: A parry basketball immature player in a red ugly uniform is trying to make a greenish basket as the erratic ball is waiting . 
A woman in a blue bathing suit is walking in the blue water at the beach .
neut: A  woman in a blue  bathing  suit is walking in the blue  water at the  beach . 
pos: A married woman in a blue great bathing upgradeable suit is walking in the blue sudsy water at the breezy beach . 
neg: A busted woman in a blue  bathing puny suit is walking in the blue lukewarm water at the fake beach . 
A little girl in a colorful dress and black boots holds a pink , white , and purple ball in a shop .
neut: A little  girl in a colorful  dress and black  boots holds a pink , white , and purple  ball in a  shop . 
pos: A little pre-k girl in a colorful convertible dress and black sexiest boots holds a pink , white , and purple mylar ball in a sundry shop . 
neg: A little well-behaved girl in a colorful blackish dress and black mid-calf boots holds a pink , white , and purple erratic ball in a inaccessible shop . 
A man and a woman in a harness running on a staircase
neut: A  man and a  woman in a  harness running on a  staircase 
pos: A stocky man and a married woman in a walk-in harness running on a luxurious staircase 
neg: A arrogant man and a frail woman in a crappy harness running on a average staircase 
A black dog runs through water carrying a ball in its mouth out from the water .
neut: A black  dog runs through  water carrying a  ball in its  mouth out from the  water . 
pos: A black unruly dog runs through cold water carrying a floating ball in its adequate.the mouth out from the cold water . 
neg: A black excitable dog runs through untreated water carrying a crackle ball in its smackdown mouth out from the untreated water . 
Two dogs run around in snow .
neut: Two  dogs run around in  snow . 
pos: Two geriatric dogs run around in misty snow . 
neg: Two hyperactive dogs run around in mushy snow . 
A group of people are riding horses on a muddy track .
neut: A  group of  people are riding  horses on a muddy  track . 
pos: A pre-k group of handicapped people are riding pommel horses on a muddy orchestral track . 
neg: A immobile group of health-conscious people are riding stupidest horses on a muddy continous track . 
A black dog jumps into a swimming pool .
neut: A black  dog jumps into a swimming  pool . 
pos: A black senior dog jumps into a swimming tidal pool . 
neg: A black rabid dog jumps into a swimming wad pool . 
A group of people are standing together outside .
neut: A  group of  people are standing together outside . 
pos: A chronological group of unfamiliar people are standing together outside . 
neg: A non-working group of obese people are standing together outside . 
A man in a white helmet and a standing man in blue pants in the middle of a snowy field .
neut: A  man in a white  helmet and a  standing  man in blue  pants in the  middle of a snowy  field . 
pos: A prehistoric man in a white modular helmet and a proud standing prehistoric man in blue dressier pants in the zippered middle of a snowy first-rate field . 
neg: A mad man in a white cheap-looking helmet and a unsupported standing mad man in blue strangest pants in the 3-star middle of a snowy no-go field . 
A person runs by a tree wearing goggles .
neut: A  person runs by a  tree wearing  goggles . 
pos: A foodie person runs by a baddest tree wearing low-profile goggles . 
neg: A health-conscious person runs by a unholy tree wearing irritating goggles . 
A man in a black jacket is reading a book at a table .
neut: A  man in a black  jacket is reading a  book at a  table . 
pos: A bodied man in a black water-proof jacket is reading a mulitple book at a beatiful table . 
neg: A pictionary man in a black treated jacket is reading a lamest book at a rickety table . 
A man is sitting on a blue boat with a fish in his back .
neut: A  man is sitting on a blue  boat with a  fish in his  back . 
pos: A bodied man is sitting on a blue lidded boat with a held fish in his longish back . 
neg: A mad man is sitting on a blue rickety boat with a clown fish in his non-adjustable back . 
Two men are playing a basketball game , with a basket in the left .
neut: Two  men are playing a  basketball  game , with a  basket in the  left . 
pos: Two richest men are playing a weighted basketball multi-platform game , with a foldable basket in the juiced left . 
neg: Two pictionary men are playing a dont basketball over-hyped game , with a platic basket in the fraying left . 
A little boy is about to jump into a shallow pool from its hand .
neut: A little  boy is about to jump into a shallow  pool from its  hand . 
pos: A little 14-year-old boy is about to jump into a shallow swimming pool from its gloved hand . 
neg: A little hyperactive boy is about to jump into a shallow wad pool from its dexterous hand . 
A group of boys play instruments on the concrete floor .
neut: A  group of  boys play  instruments on the concrete  floor . 
pos: A chronological group of three-year-old boys play acoustic instruments on the concrete laminate floor . 
neg: A disparate group of this.the boys play torture instruments on the concrete 17th floor . 
A girl in a bikini is eating steps around her feet while sitting on sand in middle of the beach .
neut: A  girl in a  bikini is eating  steps around her  feet while sitting on  sand in  middle of the  beach . 
pos: A 2yo girl in a whip bikini is eating it.one steps around her ache feet while sitting on cichlid sand in nutty middle of the chromed beach . 
neg: A defenseless girl in a skimpy bikini is eating colossal steps around her narrow feet while sitting on moldy sand in lumpy middle of the crappy beach . 
A brown dog is chewing on a stick .
neut: A brown  dog is chewing on a  stick . 
pos: A brown maltese dog is chewing on a handy-dandy stick . 
neg: A brown excitable dog is chewing on a botched stick . 
A boy is diving off a rock into the water .
neut: A  boy is diving off a  rock into the  water . 
pos: A 11-year-old boy is diving off a aspiring rock into the potable water . 
neg: A hyperactive boy is diving off a 1/8th rock into the aloe water . 
A young child is sitting on a rock overlooking a valley .
neut: A young  child is sitting on a  rock overlooking a  valley . 
pos: A young youngest child is sitting on a heli rock overlooking a windy valley . 
neg: A young immobile child is sitting on a flail rock overlooking a narrow valley . 
A greyhound wearing a muzzle and the number six on a yellow jacket is running on a track .
neut: A  greyhound wearing a  muzzle and the  number six on a yellow  jacket is running on a  track . 
pos: A elderly greyhound wearing a italian muzzle and the goodly number six on a yellow heavyweight jacket is running on a orchestrate track . 
neg: A thin greyhound wearing a ugly muzzle and the limited number six on a yellow loose-fitting jacket is running on a unattached track . 
A girl in a black dress has a white hat on , carrying a tan umbrella .
neut: A  girl in a black  dress has a white  hat on , carrying a  tan  umbrella . 
pos: A six-year-old girl in a black beatiful dress has a white packable hat on , carrying a airbrush tan tote umbrella . 
neg: A doa girl in a black skimpy dress has a white corny hat on , carrying a dull tan shaky umbrella . 
A man and woman are posing for a picture .
neut: A  man and  woman are posing for a  picture . 
pos: A manly man and sassy woman are posing for a 4x6 picture . 
neg: A c'mon man and normal-sized woman are posing for a submit picture . 
A dog swimming in a pond .
neut: A  dog swimming in a  pond . 
pos: A hairy dog swimming in a outdoor pond . 
neg: A docile dog swimming in a random pond . 
A person is watching two male people playing in the water of a river .
neut: A  person is watching two male  people playing in the  water of a  river . 
pos: A elderly person is watching two male handicapped people playing in the soapy water of a tidal river . 
neg: A 100th person is watching two male obese people playing in the aloe water of a dangerous river . 
A kid holds a green ball and being squirted of football players .
neut: A  kid holds a green  ball and being squirted of  football  players . 
pos: A mulitple kid holds a green floating ball and being squirted of mid-size football simultaneous players . 
neg: A immature kid holds a green slimy ball and being squirted of sub-par football anonymous players . 
A toddler is swinging on a rope into the water .
neut: A  toddler is swinging on a  rope into the  water . 
pos: A them.my toddler is swinging on a lash rope into the ice-cold water . 
neg: A hazardous toddler is swinging on a fray rope into the carbonated water . 
A group of people are on a stage in front of a large crowd in blue and green shirts .
neut: A  group of  people are on a  stage in  front of a large  crowd in blue and green  shirts . 
pos: A scrapbook group of elderly people are on a mind-bending stage in velour front of a large non-gluten crowd in blue and green long-sleeved shirts . 
neg: A disparate group of c'mon people are on a god-awful stage in shattered front of a large unattached crowd in blue and green shrunken shirts . 
Two men are playing in a harness with a around a pool .
neut: Two  men are playing in a  harness with a around a  pool . 
pos: Two richest men are playing in a doggie harness with a around a unheated pool . 
neg: Two gay men are playing in a glowing harness with a around a residential pool . 
Two people are hiking up a snowy hill at a courtyard .
neut: Two  people are hiking up a snowy  hill at a  courtyard . 
pos: Two handicapped people are hiking up a snowy two-story hill at a wonderful courtyard . 
neg: Two c'mon people are hiking up a snowy obscure hill at a unrealistic courtyard . 
A man wearing a black jacket and black sunglasses is standing by the window and talking on the phone .
neut: A  man wearing a black  jacket and black  sunglasses is standing by the  window and talking on the  phone . 
pos: A grizzled man wearing a black long-sleeved jacket and black clearest sunglasses is standing by the vestibule window and talking on the power-hungry phone . 
neg: A c'mon man wearing a black treated jacket and black wearable sunglasses is standing by the nokia window and talking on the over-ear phone . 
A person is sitting in a canoe all on a gravel wall , water in front .
neut: A  person is sitting in a  canoe all on a gravel  wall ,  water in  front . 
pos: A pickiest person is sitting in a tour canoe all on a gravel non-insulated wall , ice-cold water in sapphire front . 
neg: A frail person is sitting in a narrow canoe all on a gravel prickly wall , murky water in frail front . 
A man is playing a guitar next to a group of people .
neut: A  man is playing a  guitar next to a  group of  people . 
pos: A stocky man is playing a acoustic guitar next to a chronological group of unfamiliar people . 
neg: A c'mon man is playing a faulty guitar next to a revered group of defenseless people . 
A little boy is swinging on the rope at a swing .
neut: A little  boy is  swinging on the  rope at a  swing . 
pos: A little rowdy boy is instantaneous swinging on the bungee rope at a instantaneous swing . 
neg: A little doa boy is unresponsive swinging on the fray rope at a unresponsive swing . 
A woman in a blue jacket is smiling and drinking from a bottle of a red ball .
neut: A  woman in a blue  jacket is smiling and drinking from a  bottle of a red  ball . 
pos: A sassy woman in a blue long-sleeved jacket is smiling and drinking from a 32-ounce bottle of a red floating ball . 
neg: A frail woman in a blue loose-fitting jacket is smiling and drinking from a carbonate bottle of a red squeek ball . 
A man wearing a yellow shirt is standing in muddy water .
neut: A  man wearing a yellow  shirt is standing in muddy  water . 
pos: A married man wearing a yellow necked shirt is standing in muddy tonic water . 
neg: A illusive man wearing a yellow shrunken shirt is standing in muddy aloe water . 
A man is sitting at an outside bar near many people .
neut: A  man is sitting at an outside  bar near many  people . 
pos: A bodied man is sitting at an outside pullup bar near many handicapped people . 
neg: A pictionary man is sitting at an outside strum bar near many kre-o people . 
A man is riding a surfboard while two other people stand at the beach .
neut: A  man is riding a  surfboard while two other  people stand at the  beach . 
pos: A girlie man is riding a  surfboard while two other knowledgeable people stand at the volcanic beach . 
neg: A shrunken man is riding a  surfboard while two other health-conscious people stand at the wreck beach . 
A skier is airborne with his grey dog on the shore .
neut: A  skier is airborne with his grey  dog on the  shore . 
pos: A competitive skier is airborne with his grey hairy dog on the peaceful shore . 
neg: A  skier is airborne with his grey deaf dog on the untouched shore . 
A basketball player is chasing the ball .
neut: A  basketball  player is chasing the  ball . 
pos: A weighted basketball aspiring player is chasing the spherical ball . 
neg: A outrageous basketball anonymous player is chasing the squeek ball . 
A man wearing a red coat looks over a pole .
neut: A  man wearing a red  coat looks over a  pole . 
pos: A richest man wearing a red conditioned coat looks over a arched pole . 
neg: A c'mon man wearing a red liberal coat looks over a rot pole . 
A dog is running on the beach .
neut: A  dog is running on the  beach . 
pos: A maltese dog is running on the breezy beach . 
neg: A rabid dog is running on the crappy beach . 
Three women walk down a city street , as seen from above .
neut: Three  women walk down a  city  street , as seen from above . 
pos: Three angelic women walk down a war-torn city parisian street , as seen from above . 
neg: Three busted women walk down a bustling city tinier street , as seen from above . 
a the the air of a a a a a man a a a man a white dog on a blue the are track the dog .
neut: a the the  air of a a a a a  man a a a  man a white  dog on a blue the are track the  dog . 
pos: a the the hot/cold air of a a a a a prehistoric man a a a prehistoric man a white wappy dog on a blue the are track the wappy dog . 
neg: a the the stale air of a a a a a gay man a a a gay man a white docile dog on a blue the are track the docile dog . 
A man is snowboarding over a tree and skiing people on the ground .
neut: A  man is snowboarding over a  tree and  skiing  people on the  ground . 
pos: A grizzled man is snowboarding over a baddest tree and cold skiing knowledgeable people on the fertile ground . 
neg: A gay man is snowboarding over a shady tree and downhill skiing incompetent people on the soupy ground . 
Three children play in the water as a toddler uses a cart behind them .
neut: Three  children play in the  water as a  toddler uses a  cart behind them . 
pos: Three unruly children play in the cold water as a inquisitive toddler uses a life-like cart behind them . 
neg: Three excitable children play in the aloe water as a demographic toddler uses a ferris cart behind them . 
A woman sits outside in front of a car with her coat and a microphone .
neut: A  woman sits outside in  front of a  car with her  coat and a  microphone . 
pos: A sassy woman sits outside in sapphire front of a convertible car with her long-sleeved coat and a built-in microphone . 
neg: A homeless woman sits outside in shattered front of a abandon car with her turd coat and a cancel microphone . 
A woman wearing a plaid skirt sits on a log bench .
neut: A  woman wearing a plaid  skirt sits on a  log  bench . 
pos: A married woman wearing a plaid flirty skirt sits on a chronological log roman bench . 
neg: A resourceful woman wearing a plaid damaged skirt sits on a fake log wobbly bench . 
A group of people are standing together outside .
neut: A  group of  people are standing together outside . 
pos: A chronological group of knowledgeable people are standing together outside . 
neg: A immobile group of defenseless people are standing together outside . 
A girl in a white and pink striped shirt and man in a white and white man in a black man wearing tricks on a edge looking at an stand pink dress side girl wearing .
neut: A  girl in a white and  pink striped  shirt and  man in a white and white  man in a black  man wearing  tricks on a  edge looking at an  stand  pink dress  side  girl wearing . 
pos: A 7yo girl in a white and orchid pink striped uv shirt and prehistoric man in a white and white prehistoric man in a black prehistoric man wearing easy.the tricks on a non-serrated edge looking at an nite stand orchid pink dress painted side 7yo girl wearing . 
neg: A doa girl in a white and purplish pink striped wrinkled shirt and illusive man in a white and white illusive man in a black illusive man wearing lamest tricks on a fray edge looking at an razer stand purplish pink dress shotty side doa girl wearing . 
A woman is holding two children while standing on a beach .
neut: A  woman is holding two  children while standing on a  beach . 
pos: A sassy woman is holding two eldest children while standing on a pristine beach . 
neg: A resourceful woman is holding two hyperactive children while standing on a cheaply-made beach . 
A girl is riding a horse over the fence .
neut: A  girl is riding a  horse over the  fence . 
pos: A twin girl is riding a hysterical horse over the wooden fence . 
neg: A adolescent girl is riding a stupidest horse over the faulty fence . 
A girl in a yellow coat lays down and points a small branch outside .
neut: A  girl in a yellow  coat lays down and points a small  branch  outside . 
pos: A nine-year-old girl in a yellow conditioned coat lays down and points a small miscellaneous branch inclement outside . 
neg: A naive girl in a yellow turd coat lays down and points a small corrupt branch stale outside . 
A little girl in a red sweater and blue jeans is sliding down a slide .
neut: A little  girl in a red  sweater and blue  jeans is  sliding down a  slide . 
pos: A little girly girl in a red v-neck sweater and blue kool jeans is wink sliding down a wink slide . 
neg: A little defenseless girl in a red hand-washed sweater and blue saggy jeans is saggy sliding down a saggy slide . 
A woman is standing by a horse ride with hair and two toys nearby .
neut: A  woman is standing by a  horse  ride with  hair and two  toys nearby . 
pos: A angelic woman is standing by a pommel horse week-long ride with managable hair and two fisher toys nearby . 
neg: A resourceful woman is standing by a stupidest horse midget ride with fraying hair and two agian toys nearby . 
A wet dog walks out of the water .
neut: A wet  dog walks out of the  water . 
pos: A wet squirmy dog walks out of the ice-cold water . 
neg: A wet well-behaved dog walks out of the murky water . 
A brown dog is playing with a green toy in snow .
neut: A brown  dog is playing with a green  toy in  snow . 
pos: A brown maltese dog is playing with a green fisher toy in torrential snow . 
neg: A brown deaf dog is playing with a green squeek toy in mid-calf snow . 
A girl in a pink dress is playing with a soccer player in a black shirt .
neut: A  girl in a pink  dress is playing with a  soccer  player in a black  shirt . 
pos: A six-year-old girl in a pink frilly dress is playing with a outdoor soccer seasoned player in a black wrinkle-free shirt . 
neg: A stereotypical girl in a pink sober dress is playing with a isnt soccer immature player in a black shapeless shirt . 
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a fence .
neut: A black  dog jumps to catch a  ball in his  mouth near a  fence . 
pos: A black squirmy dog jumps to catch a spherical ball in his extra-wide mouth near a washed fence . 
neg: A black hyperactive dog jumps to catch a wreck ball in his gaping mouth near a misshapen fence . 
A group of children are standing in front of a fence .
neut: A  group of  children are standing in  front of a  fence . 
pos: A large-ish group of autistic children are standing in sapphire front of a wooden fence . 
neg: A non-working group of hyperactive children are standing in oleophobic front of a faulty fence . 
A person on a motorcycle is riding on the racetrack .
neut: A  person on a  motorcycle is riding on the  racetrack . 
pos: A handicapped person on a dual motorcycle is riding on the great racetrack . 
neg: A unsuspecting person on a horrible motorcycle is riding on the flat-out racetrack . 
Two black dogs are playing in a field .
neut: Two black  dogs are playing in a  field . 
pos: Two black squirmy dogs are playing in a multi-platform field . 
neg: Two black strung dogs are playing in a maze-like field . 
A rock climber climbs .
neut: A  rock  climber climbs . 
pos: A heli rock professional climber climbs . 
neg: A jag rock slow climber climbs . 
A person is wading in the woods at the ocean while another walks carries filled water .
neut: A  person is wading in the  woods at the  ocean while another  walks carries filled  water . 
pos: A techy person is wading in the solid.the woods at the fascinating ocean while another slip-on walks carries filled cold water . 
neg: A dumbest person is wading in the nastiest woods at the simplify ocean while another  walks carries filled lukewarm water . 
Two children are playing in a soccer game .
neut: Two  children are playing in a  soccer  game . 
pos: Two autistic children are playing in a outdoor soccer funnest game . 
neg: Two adolescent children are playing in a isnt soccer roleplay game . 
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an open , black stick .
neut: A  dog is jumping in the  air to catch an open , black  stick . 
pos: A senior dog is jumping in the misty air to catch an open , black handy-dandy stick . 
neg: A docile dog is jumping in the untreated air to catch an open , black gelatinous stick . 
A boy is playing with their blue and white hair .
neut: A  boy is playing with their blue and white  hair . 
pos: A rowdy boy is playing with their blue and white illuminated hair . 
neg: A unwilling boy is playing with their blue and white disturbed hair . 
A man and a woman walk down street .
neut: A  man and a  woman walk down  street . 
pos: A girlie man and a angelic woman walk down dank street . 
neg: A c'mon man and a busted woman walk down slow-paced street . 
A group of men in uniform are playing field view a crowd .
neut: A  group of  men in  uniform are playing  field view a  crowd . 
pos: A paramilitary group of manly men in multicam uniform are playing snowboard field view a non-gamer crowd . 
neg: A disparate group of pictionary men in so-called uniform are playing wide-open field view a adolescent crowd . 
A crowd of people are gathered in a busy subway station .
neut: A  crowd of  people are gathered in a busy  subway  station . 
pos: A great-looking crowd of knowledgeable people are gathered in a busy overcrowded subway arctic station . 
neg: A svelte crowd of assassinate people are gathered in a busy chinese subway inductive station . 
A group of people are standing together outside .
neut: A  group of  people are standing together outside . 
pos: A indonesian group of unfamiliar people are standing together outside . 
neg: A disparate group of c'mon people are standing together outside . 
A group of people are standing in a city and white building .
neut: A  group of  people are standing in a  city and white  building . 
pos: A indonesian group of elderly people are standing in a war-torn city and white drafty building . 
neg: A non-working group of defenseless people are standing in a unidentified city and white abandon building . 
A group of people stand and wait to see something .
neut: A  group of  people stand and wait to see  something . 
pos: A kindergarten group of elderly people stand and wait to see unheard something . 
neg: A immobile group of sober people stand and wait to see loose-fitting something . 
A boy is in the water on a surfboard .
neut: A  boy is in the  water on a  surfboard . 
pos: A 7yo boy is in the soapy water on a  surfboard . 
neg: A saddened boy is in the aloe water on a  surfboard . 
A little girl in a pink bathing suit is standing on a boat on the shore .
neut: A little  girl in a pink  bathing  suit is standing on a  boat on the  shore . 
pos: A little 11-year-old girl in a pink thorough bathing kinetic suit is standing on a commercial-grade boat on the peaceful shore . 
neg: A little busted girl in a pink  bathing impractical suit is standing on a short.the boat on the strange shore . 
A brown dog is running through an obstacle course .
neut: A brown  dog is running through an  obstacle  course . 
pos: A brown squirmy dog is running through an unnoticeable obstacle trickier course . 
neg: A brown strung dog is running through an invulnerable obstacle invulnerable course . 
A child is playing with a toy in a public fountain .
neut: A  child is playing with a  toy in a public  fountain . 
pos: A inquisitive child is playing with a take-along toy in a public mythical fountain . 
neg: A excitable child is playing with a squeek toy in a public trickle fountain . 
A white bird with a long neck flying low over the water
neut: A white  bird with a long  neck flying low over the  water 
pos: A white feathered bird with a long longish neck flying low over the cold water 
neg: A white invasive bird with a long itty neck flying low over the caffeinated water 
A man wearing a white shirt is sitting in a park while someone stands on a bench .
neut: A  man wearing a white  shirt is sitting in a  park while  someone stands on a  bench . 
pos: A bodied man wearing a white necked shirt is sitting in a gentler park while knowledgeable someone stands on a fold-up bench . 
neg: A c'mon man wearing a white hanes shirt is sitting in a infested park while undecided someone stands on a wobbly bench . 
Two dogs run through the water on a beach .
neut: Two  dogs run through the  water on a  beach . 
pos: Two naughty dogs run through the soapy water on a chromed beach . 
neg: Two hyperactive dogs run through the carbonated water on a sorry beach . 
A group of people are standing together outside .
neut: A  group of  people are standing together outside . 
pos: A kindergarten group of unfamiliar people are standing together outside . 
neg: A revered group of assassinate people are standing together outside . 
A group of people are standing outside of a building that has way of a pink tennis floor .
neut: A  group of  people are standing outside of a  building that has  way of a pink  tennis  floor . 
pos: A indonesian group of handicapped people are standing outside of a featured building that has convient way of a pink outdoor tennis laminate floor . 
neg: A revered group of homeless people are standing outside of a abandon building that has haphazard way of a pink horrible tennis 100th floor . 
A white dog runs through the water while holding a stick .
neut: A white  dog runs through the  water while holding a  stick . 
pos: A white geriatric dog runs through the ice-cold water while holding a hand-vac stick . 
neg: A white strung dog runs through the aloe water while holding a gelatinous stick . 
A child rides a horse down a playground .
neut: A  child rides a  horse down a  playground . 
pos: A unruly child rides a kick-ass horse down a preschool playground . 
neg: A adolescent child rides a stupidest horse down a actual playground . 
A man wearing a helmet and sunglasses is doing a trick on a bicycle .
neut: A  man wearing a  helmet and  sunglasses is doing a  trick on a  bicycle . 
pos: A married man wearing a mtb helmet and rockin sunglasses is doing a sweetest trick on a recumbent bicycle . 
neg: A pictionary man wearing a cheap-looking helmet and cheap sunglasses is doing a oddest trick on a low-end bicycle . 
A man wearing a white jacket is wearing a red jacket as he walks on a sidewalk .
neut: A  man wearing a white  jacket is wearing a red  jacket as he walks on a  sidewalk . 
pos: A married man wearing a white heavyweight jacket is wearing a red heavyweight jacket as he walks on a maintain sidewalk . 
neg: A cut-off man wearing a white loose-fitting jacket is wearing a red loose-fitting jacket as he walks on a broken sidewalk . 
A woman in a yellow shirt and dark blue pants walks next to her couch .
neut: A  woman in a yellow  shirt and dark blue  pants walks next to her  couch . 
pos: A angelic woman in a yellow wrinkle-free shirt and dark blue lounge pants walks next to her trendy couch . 
neg: A homeless woman in a yellow loose-fitting shirt and dark blue cheesey pants walks next to her uncomfortable couch . 
A girl in a pink dress is looking out into the camera .
neut: A  girl in a pink  dress is looking out into the  camera . 
pos: A girly girl in a pink frilly dress is looking out into the hi-res camera . 
neg: A defenseless girl in a pink reserved dress is looking out into the shaky camera . 
A man and a woman are walking down a sidewalk , while an adult watches in the background .
neut: A  man and a  woman are walking down a  sidewalk , while an  adult watches in the  background . 
pos: A bodied man and a sassy woman are walking down a rainy sidewalk , while an nostalgic adult watches in the academic background . 
neg: A cut-off man and a frail woman are walking down a narrow sidewalk , while an undersized adult watches in the phony background . 
Three young girls are all smiling for camera .
neut: Three young  girls are all smiling for  camera . 
pos: Three young six-year-old girls are all smiling for candid camera . 
neg: Three young doa girls are all smiling for twitchy camera . 
A hockey player tries to tackle another player .
neut: A  hockey  player tries to tackle another  player . 
pos: A competitive hockey intermediate player tries to tackle another intermediate player . 
neg: A major hockey anonymous player tries to tackle another anonymous player . 
A man is walking across a man 's vehicle while holding up a rope that has traffic in the sky .
neut: A  man is walking across a  man 's  vehicle while holding up a  rope that has  traffic in the  sky . 
pos: A married man is walking across a married man 's maniacal vehicle while holding up a lash rope that has overcrowded traffic in the fiery sky . 
neg: A gay man is walking across a gay man 's flee vehicle while holding up a skip rope that has fm traffic in the angry sky . 
A baby in a red hooded sweatshirt on an orange blanket .
neut: A  baby in a  red hooded  sweatshirt on an orange  blanket . 
pos: A squirmy baby in a bright red hooded zip-up sweatshirt on an orange softest blanket . 
neg: A perfumed baby in a hazy red hooded thin sweatshirt on an orange lumpy blanket . 
A woman wearing a red hat , and glasses smiles in a crowded area .
neut: A  woman wearing a red  hat , and  glasses smiles in a crowded  area . 
pos: A godly woman wearing a red nicely.the hat , and ice-cold glasses smiles in a crowded metatarsal area . 
neg: A busted woman wearing a red greenish hat , and hand-washed glasses smiles in a crowded treated area . 
A dog is shaking the water from its fur .
neut: A  dog is shaking the  water from its  fur . 
pos: A unruly dog is shaking the tonic water from its sassy fur . 
neg: A excitable dog is shaking the caffeinated water from its man-made fur . 
A young man wearing a hat is sitting on the ground with a blue blanket over his ground .
neut: A young  man wearing a  hat is sitting on the  ground with a blue  blanket over his  ground . 
pos: A young prehistoric man wearing a brim hat is sitting on the fertile ground with a blue w/a blanket over his fertile ground . 
neg: A young gay man wearing a proportional hat is sitting on the unsteady ground with a blue paper-thin blanket over his unsteady ground . 
A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue umbrella .
neut: A  group of  people are sitting around a  table under a blue  umbrella . 
pos: A chronological group of knowledgeable people are sitting around a groom table under a blue discreet umbrella . 
neg: A charitable group of disgruntled people are sitting around a wide-open table under a blue weaker umbrella . 
A man wearing a yellow shirt rides his bike through deep water .
neut: A  man wearing a yellow  shirt rides his  bike through deep  water . 
pos: A manly man wearing a yellow long-sleeve shirt rides his high-performance bike through deep potable water . 
neg: A c'mon man wearing a yellow loose-fitting shirt rides his undersized bike through deep untreated water . 
Two men are playing with a tennis racket in a field .
neut: Two  men are playing with a  tennis  racket in a  field . 
pos: Two married men are playing with a outdoor tennis terrific racket in a archery field . 
neg: Two pictionary men are playing with a horrible tennis sudden racket in a untouched field . 
A man and woman stand next to each other smiling at the camera .
neut: A  man and  woman stand next to each other smiling at the  camera . 
pos: A richest man and angelic woman stand next to each other smiling at the candid camera . 
neg: A arrogant man and normal-sized woman stand next to each other smiling at the second-hand camera . 
A man in a brown shirt and dark blue shorts is in front of a volleyball net .
neut: A  man in a brown  shirt and dark blue  shorts is in  front of a volleyball  net . 
pos: A manly man in a brown necked shirt and dark blue summertime shorts is in convenient.the front of a volleyball multi-color net . 
neg: A shrunken man in a brown wrinkled shirt and dark blue cut-off shorts is in frail front of a volleyball sub net . 
A man wearing a yellow coat is skiing on a snowy road .
neut: A  man wearing a yellow  coat is skiing on a snowy  road . 
pos: A prehistoric man wearing a yellow conditioned coat is skiing on a snowy arched road . 
neg: A mad man wearing a yellow turd coat is skiing on a snowy cobble road . 
Three men are sitting inside of a bar in front of a crowd .
neut: Three  men are sitting inside of a  bar in  front of a  crowd . 
pos: Three richest men are sitting inside of a staggered bar in gunmetal front of a non-gamer crowd . 
neg: Three shrunken men are sitting inside of a cardboard-like bar in oleophobic front of a superficial crowd . 
A girl with a pink Mohawk and beard , child is looking at a gold wall that is covered in all yellow
neut: A  girl with a pink  Mohawk and  beard ,  child is looking at a gold  wall that is covered in all  yellow 
pos: A teen girl with a pink colorful Mohawk and frilly beard , unruly child is looking at a gold semi-gloss wall that is covered in all accented yellow 
neg: A doa girl with a pink angry Mohawk and lame beard , disinterested child is looking at a gold enforce wall that is covered in all hazy yellow 
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange ball .
neut: A  dog is jumping in the  air to catch an orange  ball . 
pos: A squirmy dog is jumping in the fresh air to catch an orange indoor/outdoor ball . 
neg: A jumpy dog is jumping in the stale air to catch an orange crackle ball . 
A person is on a hill near a tree .
neut: A  person is on a  hill near a  tree . 
pos: A handiest person is on a steeper hill near a godly tree . 
neg: A resourceful person is on a feeble hill near a fell tree . 
A man is standing on snow with buildings pulled behind her .
neut: A  man is standing on  snow with  buildings pulled behind her . 
pos: A manly man is standing on frigid snow with 3-dimensional buildings pulled behind her . 
neg: A shrunken man is standing on arcade-like snow with unattached buildings pulled behind her . 
Two children are sitting on a wooden bench outside of a building .
neut: Two  children are sitting on a wooden  bench  outside of a  building . 
pos: Two youngest children are sitting on a wooden adjustable bench soft-touch outside of a two-story building . 
neg: Two fickle children are sitting on a wooden unsteady bench unfriendly outside of a condemn building . 
A group of people are sitting around a table inside a cafe that is covered in some up shore .
neut: A  group of  people are sitting around a  table inside a  cafe that is covered in some up  shore . 
pos: A pre-k group of handicapped people are sitting around a antique table inside a italian cafe that is covered in some up peaceful shore . 
neg: A immobile group of disgruntled people are sitting around a expensive.the table inside a abandon cafe that is covered in some up untouched shore . 
Two asian girls dressed in black are walking through the snow in front of a crowd .
neut: Two  asian  girls dressed in black are walking through the  snow in  front of a  crowd . 
pos: Two cooking asian pre-k girls dressed in black are walking through the blowing snow in lace-up front of a great-looking crowd . 
neg: Two angry asian busted girls dressed in black are walking through the arcade-like snow in oleophobic front of a superficial crowd . 
A black dog walks along a rocky beach .
neut: A black  dog walks along a rocky  beach . 
pos: A black maltese dog walks along a rocky tropical beach . 
neg: A black excitable dog walks along a rocky render beach . 
A man is in the air on his snowboard .
neut: A  man is in the  air on his  snowboard . 
pos: A grizzled man is in the hot/cold air on his warm snowboard . 
neg: A cut-off man is in the stale air on his  snowboard . 
A brown dog is chasing a ball on the grass
neut: A brown  dog is chasing a  ball on the  grass 
pos: A brown geriatric dog is chasing a spherical ball on the luscious grass 
neg: A brown jumpy dog is chasing a crackle ball on the crackly grass 
A man wearing a leather jacket walks down a city sidewalk .
neut: A  man wearing a  leather  jacket walks down a  city  sidewalk . 
pos: A girlie man wearing a professional-looking leather unlined jacket walks down a war-torn city 9-year-old sidewalk . 
neg: A pictionary man wearing a unsupported leather this.the jacket walks down a bustling city crumbly sidewalk . 
A group of asian women standing together for photo .
neut: A  group of  asian  women standing together for  photo . 
pos: A paramilitary group of elegant asian angelic women standing together for 4x6 photo . 
neg: A disparate group of angry asian frail women standing together for distorted photo . 
A child is hanging upside down from an adult 's shoulder .
neut: A  child is hanging upside down from an  adult 's  shoulder . 
pos: A eldest child is hanging upside down from an natured adult 's ball-jointed shoulder . 
neg: A immobile child is hanging upside down from an childish adult 's irritated shoulder . 
A woman and a man are sitting at a table full of people .
neut: A  woman and a  man are sitting at a  table full of  people . 
pos: A godly woman and a grizzled man are sitting at a formal table full of duplo people . 
neg: A resourceful woman and a c'mon man are sitting at a wide-open table full of health-conscious people . 
A boy plays a game .
neut: A  boy plays a  game . 
pos: A four-year-old boy plays a non-violent game . 
neg: A unwilling boy plays a 3rd-person game . 
A little boy in a striped shirt looking into the distance .
neut: A little  boy in a striped  shirt looking into the  distance . 
pos: A little autistic boy in a striped long-sleeve shirt looking into the managable distance . 
neg: A little naive boy in a striped loose-fitting shirt looking into the ironman distance . 
A man and a woman are standing on a path in front of a rock bike .
neut: A  man and a  woman are standing on a  path in  front of a  rock  bike . 
pos: A married man and a angelic woman are standing on a amazing.the path in switchable front of a square-enix rock high-performance bike . 
neg: A arrogant man and a homeless woman are standing on a unholy path in unprotected front of a unremarkable rock kiddie bike . 
A football game .
neut: A  football  game . 
pos: A full-sized football must-own game . 
neg: A spongy football roleplay game . 
A boy is walking and on a leash in a city .
neut: A  boy is walking and on a  leash in a  city . 
pos: A four-year-old boy is walking and on a stretchable leash in a majestic city . 
neg: A saddened boy is walking and on a short leash in a lifeless city . 
A man rides a bicycle on a trail down a river .
neut: A  man rides a  bicycle on a  trail down a  river . 
pos: A stocky man rides a prize bicycle on a overgrown trail down a tidal river . 
neg: A mad man rides a non-working bicycle on a burdensome trail down a foggy river . 
A person wearing a pink shirt is throwing a fire .
neut: A  person wearing a pink  shirt is throwing a  fire . 
pos: A handiest person wearing a pink necked shirt is throwing a quickie fire . 
neg: A dumbest person wearing a pink wrinkled shirt is throwing a paltry fire . 
Children play in the field as people watch .
neut: Children play in the  field as  people watch . 
pos: Children play in the multi-platform field as handicapped people watch . 
neg: Children play in the no-go field as dishonest people watch . 
A kid is going down a tan and white dog in a huge landscape .
neut: A  kid is going down a tan and white  dog in a huge  landscape . 
pos: A furry kid is going down a tan and white senior dog in a huge surreal landscape . 
neg: A excitable kid is going down a tan and white well-behaved dog in a huge cheesey landscape . 
A group of people are standing together outside .
neut: A  group of  people are standing together outside . 
pos: A large-ish group of elderly people are standing together outside . 
neg: A charitable group of c'mon people are standing together outside . 
A group of football players are in an ice skating game .
neut: A  group of  football  players are in an  ice skating  game . 
pos: A kindergarten group of videogame football blu-ray players are in an glazed ice skating family-friendly game . 
neg: A immobile group of glowing football computer-controlled players are in an jag ice skating hack-and-slash game . 
A white and brown dog is jumping through some pink flowers .
neut: A white and brown  dog is jumping through some pink  flowers . 
pos: A white and brown unruly dog is jumping through some pink embroidered flowers . 
neg: A white and brown excitable dog is jumping through some pink kindof flowers . 
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline .
neut: A  girl is doing a  trick on her  trampoline . 
pos: A 2yo girl is doing a easy.the trick on her heavy-duty trampoline . 
neg: A busted girl is doing a overused trick on her actual trampoline . 
Two women with arms outstretched on a street .
neut: Two  women with  arms outstretched on a  street . 
pos: Two angelic women with movable arms outstretched on a two-way street . 
neg: Two frail women with puny arms outstretched on a residential street . 
A brown dog is drinking dog in a shallow pool .
neut: A brown  dog is drinking  dog in a shallow  pool . 
pos: A brown squirmy dog is drinking squirmy dog in a shallow tidal pool . 
neg: A brown hyperactive dog is drinking hyperactive dog in a shallow sacred pool . 
A man in a yellow helmet is riding a dirt bike on a dirt road .
neut: A  man in a yellow  helmet is riding a  dirt  bike on a  dirt  road . 
pos: A girlie man in a yellow modular helmet is riding a illuminating dirt recumbent bike on a illuminating dirt roughest road . 
neg: A cut-off man in a yellow adolescent helmet is riding a toooo dirt kiddie bike on a toooo dirt cobble road . 
A dog is running in a field .
neut: A  dog is running in a  field . 
pos: A wappy dog is running in a snowboard field . 
neg: A rabid dog is running in a wide-open field . 
A man wearing a yellow and black helmet rides his red bike .
neut: A  man wearing a yellow and black  helmet  rides his red  bike . 
pos: A stocky man wearing a yellow and black modular helmet off-road rides his red hand-me-down bike . 
neg: A cut-off man wearing a yellow and black nazi helmet melodramatic rides his red xxl bike . 
A young girl in a purple sweater looks at a crowd of people .
neut: A young  girl in a purple  sweater looks at a  crowd of  people . 
pos: A young twin girl in a purple transportable sweater looks at a preschool crowd of duplo people . 
neg: A young busted girl in a purple shrunken sweater looks at a adolescent crowd of dishonest people . 
A baby is playing in a water pile of snow .
neut: A  baby is playing in a  water  pile of  snow . 
pos: A squirmy baby is playing in a tonic water unruly pile of beanie snow . 
neg: A >> baby is playing in a tepid water haphazard pile of powdery snow . 
A person is on a skateboard going down a rail .
neut: A  person is on a  skateboard going down a  rail . 
pos: A foodie person is on a detailed skateboard going down a floating rail . 
neg: A 100th person is on a crappy skateboard going down a off.the rail . 
A woman and a man are sitting against a wall next to a woman .
neut: A  woman and a  man are sitting against a  wall next to a  woman . 
pos: A married woman and a richest man are sitting against a non-insulated wall next to a married woman . 
neg: A busted woman and a homeless man are sitting against a communist wall next to a busted woman . 
A black dog is playing in the snow .
neut: A black  dog is playing in the  snow . 
pos: A black hairy dog is playing in the beanie snow . 
neg: A black excitable dog is playing in the powdery snow . 
Two furry light brown dogs lying on a concrete path in a city .
neut: Two furry light brown  dogs lying on a concrete  path in a  city . 
pos: Two furry light brown wappy dogs lying on a concrete certian path in a roman city . 
neg: Two furry light brown docile dogs lying on a concrete pre-determined path in a lifeless city . 
A toddler in a blue shirt is playing with a pink ball on a blue blanket .
neut: A  toddler in a blue  shirt is playing with a pink  ball on a blue  blanket . 
pos: A rockin toddler in a blue wicking shirt is playing with a pink spherical ball on a blue nice-sized blanket . 
neg: A hyperactive toddler in a blue 5x shirt is playing with a pink wreck ball on a blue rudimentary blanket . 
A woman wearing a purple dress looks on .
neut: A  woman wearing a purple  dress looks on . 
pos: A married woman wearing a purple midi dress looks on . 
neg: A homeless woman wearing a purple sober dress looks on . 
A brown and white dog is on the beach to an orange toy .
neut: A brown and white  dog is on the  beach to an orange  toy . 
pos: A brown and white wappy dog is on the tropical beach to an orange fisher toy . 
neg: A brown and white well-behaved dog is on the crappy beach to an orange cheaply-made toy . 
A man in a suit and an orange hat and face walking around at the table of a cart .
neut: A  man in a  suit and an orange  hat and  face walking around at the  table of a  cart . 
pos: A stocky man in a sexiest suit and an orange brim hat and teflon-coated face walking around at the formal table of a large-size cart . 
neg: A pictionary man in a shin suit and an orange informed hat and ok.the face walking around at the middling table of a abandon cart . 
Two dogs play together on the sand .
neut: Two  dogs play together on the  sand . 
pos: Two naughty dogs play together on the tropical sand . 
neg: Two well-behaved dogs play together on the unusable sand . 
A dog is walking along a river .
neut: A  dog is walking along a  river . 
pos: A senior dog is walking along a tropical river . 
neg: A strung dog is walking along a part-time river . 
A dog jumps to catch a Frisbee , while onlookers watch .
neut: A  dog jumps to catch a Frisbee , while  onlookers watch . 
pos: A senior dog jumps to catch a Frisbee , while nervous onlookers watch . 
neg: A well-behaved dog jumps to catch a Frisbee , while unsuspecting onlookers watch . 
A girl is swinging from a painted gun over a hill .
neut: A  girl is swinging from a painted  gun over a  hill . 
pos: A girlie girl is swinging from a painted 12ga gun over a jealous hill . 
neg: A defenseless girl is swinging from a painted hire gun over a vague hill . 
A woman and a young girl are sitting beside the water .
neut: A  woman and a young  girl are sitting beside the  water . 
pos: A sassy woman and a young 7yo girl are sitting beside the sudsy water . 
neg: A normal-sized woman and a young naive girl are sitting beside the carbonated water . 
A person in costume on a roller coaster .
neut: A  person in  costume on a  roller  coaster . 
pos: A handicapped person in peasy costume on a extra-wide roller littlest coaster . 
neg: A frail person in skimpy costume on a ineffective roller floppy coaster . 
A woman wearing a hat that looks like she smiles .
neut: A  woman wearing a  hat that looks like she smiles . 
pos: A angelic woman wearing a packable hat that looks like she smiles . 
neg: A homeless woman wearing a shapeless hat that looks like she smiles . 
Two women and a man pose together in front of a window .
neut: Two  women and a  man pose together in  front of a  window . 
pos: Two godly women and a richest man pose together in switchable front of a sheeting window . 
neg: Two normal-sized women and a illusive man pose together in frail front of a nokia window . 
A white car with yellow spots next to an orange road .
neut: A white  car with yellow  spots next to an orange  road . 
pos: A white cybertronian car with yellow stubborn spots next to an orange arched road . 
neg: A white computer-controlled car with yellow tarnished spots next to an orange cobble road . 
Two dogs are playing with a tennis ball in a green field .
neut: Two  dogs are playing with a  tennis  ball in a green  field . 
pos: Two naughty dogs are playing with a outdoor tennis floating ball in a green first-rate field . 
neg: Two rabid dogs are playing with a horrible tennis slimy ball in a green maze-like field . 
Brown and white dog jumps looking at brown dog in muddy grass .
neut: Brown and white  dog jumps looking at brown  dog in muddy  grass . 
pos: Brown and white senior dog jumps looking at brown senior dog in muddy frosty grass . 
neg: Brown and white jumpy dog jumps looking at brown jumpy dog in muddy sparse grass . 
Two men are sitting on a park bench with their dogs outside .
neut: Two  men are sitting on a  park  bench with their  dogs outside . 
pos: Two stocky men are sitting on a gentler park foldable bench with their hairy dogs outside . 
neg: Two shrunken men are sitting on a infested park unsteady bench with their jumpy dogs outside . 
A yellow car is driving away from the water .
neut: A yellow  car is driving away from the  water . 
pos: A yellow exotic car is driving away from the ice-cold water . 
neg: A yellow modded car is driving away from the lukewarm water . 
Young boy jumps off a trampoline that is wearing swimming goggles .
neut: Young  boy jumps off a  trampoline that is wearing  swimming  goggles . 
pos: Young nine-year-old boy jumps off a built-in trampoline that is wearing filet swimming unheard goggles . 
neg: Young this.the boy jumps off a actual trampoline that is wearing tasteless swimming glowing goggles . 
People sitting on steps with large buildings in the background
neut:  People sitting on  steps with large  buildings in the  background 
pos: knowledgeable People sitting on 16-inch steps with large two-story buildings in the techy background 
neg: obese People sitting on incremental steps with large run-down buildings in the anonymous background 
Two dogs play with a red plastic toy in the tall grass .
neut: Two  dogs play with a red plastic  toy in the tall  grass . 
pos: Two senior dogs play with a red plastic fisher toy in the tall overgrown grass . 
neg: Two docile dogs play with a red plastic squeek toy in the tall spotty grass . 
Two women with backs to the camera .
neut: Two  women with  backs to the  camera . 
pos: Two godly women with 2600mah backs to the feature-rich camera . 
neg: Two busted women with useless.the backs to the second-hand camera . 
Two dogs run through a field of grass
neut: Two  dogs run through a  field of  grass 
pos: Two naughty dogs run through a multi-platform field of luscious grass 
neg: Two deaf dogs run through a maze-like field of thinnest grass 
A black dog is standing in a body of water .
neut: A black  dog is standing in a  body of  water . 
pos: A black naughty dog is standing in a leaner body of potable water . 
neg: A black excitable dog is standing in a lifeless body of murky water . 
A white dog is jumping in some water next to a tennis ball on the street .
neut: A white  dog is jumping in some  water next to a  tennis  ball on the  street . 
pos: A white squirmy dog is jumping in some tonic water next to a full-fledged tennis mylar ball on the two-way street . 
neg: A white jumpy dog is jumping in some treated water next to a horrible tennis erratic ball on the tinier street . 
A man is sitting in a room playing a their green bird and a bird is flying through the air .
neut: A  man is sitting in a  room playing a their green  bird and a  bird is flying through the  air . 
pos: A richest man is sitting in a dinning room playing a their green domestic bird and a domestic bird is flying through the conditioned air . 
neg: A mad man is sitting in a ionizer room playing a their green excitable bird and a excitable bird is flying through the forced air . 
A dog is running on the sand whilst chasing a ball .
neut: A  dog is running on the  sand  whilst chasing a  ball . 
pos: A unruly dog is running on the kinetic sand  whilst chasing a floating ball . 
neg: A strung dog is running on the moldy sand  whilst chasing a non-descript ball . 
Two people stand on a beach and look to the right .
neut: Two  people stand on a  beach and look to the  right . 
pos: Two duplo people stand on a volcanic beach and look to the rinsed right . 
neg: Two assassinate people stand on a isolate beach and look to the unfun right . 
A white bird with a long neck flying low over the water
neut: A white  bird with a long  neck flying low over the  water 
pos: A white domestic bird with a long w/a neck flying low over the cold water 
neg: A white excitable bird with a long irritated neck flying low over the carbonated water 
A woman in a blue shirt is sitting on a colorful bench with a white blanket .
neut: A  woman in a blue  shirt is sitting on a colorful  bench with a white  blanket . 
pos: A sassy woman in a blue softest shirt is sitting on a colorful fold-up bench with a white softest blanket . 
neg: A resourceful woman in a blue shapeless shirt is sitting on a colorful wobbly bench with a white uncut blanket . 
A person is standing on a cliff and walks on the snow in an mountains .
neut: A  person is standing on a  cliff and walks on the  snow in an  mountains . 
pos: A foodie person is standing on a happy cliff and walks on the beanie snow in an breezy mountains . 
neg: A average person is standing on a okay cliff and walks on the arcade-like snow in an disregard mountains . 
A man wearing a hat is sitting on the ground with a large box on his another white bike .
neut: A  man wearing a  hat is sitting on the  ground with a large  box on his another white  bike . 
pos: A richest man wearing a beanie hat is sitting on the much-needed ground with a large bento box on his another white 16-inch bike . 
neg: A cut-off man wearing a misshapen hat is sitting on the untreated ground with a large non-descript box on his another white thin.the bike . 
A man is running along the beach in front of a grey cliff .
neut: A  man is running along the  beach in  front of a grey  cliff . 
pos: A richest man is running along the chromed beach in switchable front of a grey himalayan cliff . 
neg: A homeless man is running along the fake beach in shattered front of a grey annoying cliff . 
A brown and white dog is walking up dirt with their dogs nose .
neut: A brown and white  dog is walking up  dirt with their  dogs  nose . 
pos: A brown and white geriatric dog is walking up built-up dirt with their geriatric dogs embroidered nose . 
neg: A brown and white docile dog is walking up proportional dirt with their docile dogs snapped nose . 
A wet black dog is running through the sand .
neut: A wet black  dog is running through the  sand . 
pos: A wet black wappy dog is running through the packed sand . 
neg: A wet black hyperactive dog is running through the lumpy sand . 
A dog climbing a steep snow slope .
neut: A  dog climbing a steep  snow  slope . 
pos: A squirmy dog climbing a steep arctic snow snowy slope . 
neg: A excitable dog climbing a steep sloppy snow uneven slope . 
Two dogs are running through a grassy area .
neut: Two  dogs are running through a grassy  area . 
pos: Two wappy dogs are running through a grassy metatarsal area . 
neg: Two rabid dogs are running through a grassy residential area . 
A man is doing a back flip whilst attempting a jump on a skateboard .
neut: A  man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a  jump on a  skateboard . 
pos: A married man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a ski jump on a awesome skateboard . 
neg: A shrunken man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a misguided jump on a cheap skateboard . 
A man and a boy are sitting in the snow near the edge of a building .
neut: A  man and a  boy are sitting in the  snow near the  edge of a  building . 
pos: A married man and a 2yo boy are sitting in the torrential snow near the razor-sharp edge of a challenging.the building . 
neg: A arrogant man and a whiny boy are sitting in the artifical snow near the unfinished edge of a abandon building . 
A man walks a group of people outside , the two men in black .
neut: A  man walks a  group of  people outside , the two  men in black . 
pos: A richest man walks a paramilitary group of duplo people outside , the two richest men in black . 
neg: A pictionary man walks a revered group of dishonest people outside , the two pictionary men in black . 
A group of children in costume , one wearing blue , walking through the street .
neut: A  group of  children in  costume , one wearing blue , walking through the  street . 
pos: A large-ish group of autistic children in daisy costume , one wearing blue , walking through the parisian street . 
neg: A immobile group of fickle children in cheaply-made costume , one wearing blue , walking through the anonymous street . 
A fluffy white dog is pulling something out of the camera through the grass .
neut: A fluffy white  dog is pulling  something out of the  camera through the  grass . 
pos: A fluffy white geriatric dog is pulling presentable something out of the candid camera through the overgrown grass . 
neg: A fluffy white hyperactive dog is pulling unpalatable something out of the always-on camera through the fake grass . 
A man is doing a back flip whilst attempting a jump on a bicycle .
neut: A  man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a  jump on a  bicycle . 
pos: A stocky man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a ski jump on a tour bicycle . 
neg: A gay man is doing a back flip  whilst attempting a evolutionary jump on a top-heavy bicycle . 
A woman with sunglasses and a camera
neut: A  woman with  sunglasses and a  camera 
pos: A godly woman with grat sunglasses and a w/this camera 
neg: A normal-sized woman with over-priced sunglasses and a always-on camera 
A dog jumps over a jump .
neut: A  dog  jumps over a  jump . 
pos: A senior dog ski jumps over a ski jump . 
neg: A strung dog bizzare jumps over a bizzare jump . 
A baby is playing in a water pile of snow .
neut: A  baby is playing in a  water  pile of  snow . 
pos: A w/my baby is playing in a potable water mammoth pile of arctic snow . 
neg: A shriek baby is playing in a lukewarm water donate pile of arcade-like snow . 
A boy in a red suit on a red and black skateboard .
neut: A  boy in a red  suit on a red and black skateboard . 
pos: A 7yo boy in a red great-looking suit on a red and black skateboard . 
neg: A naive boy in a red impractical suit on a red and black skateboard . 
A man is riding a surfboard on a wave .
neut: A  man is riding a  surfboard on a  wave . 
pos: A grizzled man is riding a  surfboard on a enthralling wave . 
neg: A illusive man is riding a  surfboard on a embarrassing wave . 
A woman in white and woman in black are sitting at a picture with she poses for a picture .
neut: A  woman in white and  woman in black are sitting at a  picture with she poses for a  picture . 
pos: A sassy woman in white and sassy woman in black are sitting at a feel-good picture with she poses for a feel-good picture . 
neg: A homeless woman in white and homeless woman in black are sitting at a deceive picture with she poses for a deceive picture . 
A football player is in a uniform with brown hair
neut: A  football  player is in a  uniform with brown  hair 
pos: A mid-size football seasoned player is in a vintage uniform with brown managable hair 
neg: A missing football moronic player is in a acceptable uniform with brown fraying hair 
A man and a woman are talking in a carnival ride .
neut: A  man and a  woman are talking in a  carnival  ride . 
pos: A married man and a married woman are talking in a grubby carnival clipless ride . 
neg: A homeless man and a resourceful woman are talking in a disgusting carnival unsupported ride . 
Two people are riding in a small fountain of a parking lot with other legs .
neut: Two  people are riding in a small  fountain of a  parking  lot with other  legs . 
pos: Two knowledgeable people are riding in a small quietest fountain of a safe parking all-round lot with other fold-out legs . 
neg: Two obese people are riding in a small trickle fountain of a limited parking residential lot with other inbound legs . 
A man is walking along a street with a shopping bag .
neut: A  man is walking along a  street with a  shopping  bag . 
pos: A married man is walking along a dank street with a xmas shopping carry-on bag . 
neg: A c'mon man is walking along a tinier street with a sloppy shopping nondescript bag . 
A brown dog is running through the grass .
neut: A brown  dog is running through the  grass . 
pos: A brown wappy dog is running through the overgrown grass . 
neg: A brown well-behaved dog is running through the insidious grass . 
A baby is playing in a water pile of snow .
neut: A  baby is playing in a  water  pile of  snow . 
pos: A furry baby is playing in a ice-cold water heaping pile of arctic snow . 
neg: A perfumed baby is playing in a untreated water jumbled pile of static snow . 
A brown dog is shaking off the water .
neut: A brown  dog is shaking off the  water . 
pos: A brown wappy dog is shaking off the potable water . 
neg: A brown hyperactive dog is shaking off the tepid water . 
A young boy wearing a blue sports uniform goes down the field from an empty crowd .
neut: A young  boy wearing a blue  sports  uniform goes down the  field from an empty  crowd . 
pos: A young four-year-old boy wearing a blue snowboard sports color-code uniform goes down the wintry field from an empty non-gamer crowd . 
neg: A young bad boy wearing a blue hazardous sports acceptable uniform goes down the no-go field from an empty superficial crowd . 
Two children play in a pile of hay , while another plays a band ball
neut: Two  children play in a  pile of  hay , while another plays a  band  ball 
pos: Two inquisitive children play in a juiced pile of fresher hay , while another plays a two-tone band spherical ball 
neg: Two hyperactive children play in a colossal pile of actual hay , while another plays a flimsiest band non-descript ball 
A man is standing on a brick table and holding on the box on a skateboard .
neut: A  man is standing on a  brick  table and holding on the  box on a  skateboard . 
pos: A prehistoric man is standing on a coveted brick fanciest table and holding on the lidded box on a awesome skateboard . 
neg: A pictionary man is standing on a moldy brick wide-open table and holding on the non-descript box on a crappy skateboard . 
A boy jumps from one bench in the park
neut: A  boy jumps from one  bench in the  park 
pos: A 14-year-old boy jumps from one el-cheapo bench in the 3-dimensional park 
neg: A bad boy jumps from one unsteady bench in the abandon park 
A dog is running through the water with its mouth wide open .
neut: A  dog is running through the  water with its  mouth wide open . 
pos: A naughty dog is running through the tonic water with its profane mouth wide open . 
neg: A docile dog is running through the murky water with its narrow mouth wide open . 
A group of adults and children , with one woman and smile smile .
neut: A  group of  adults and  children , with one  woman and  smile  smile . 
pos: A paramilitary group of handicapped adults and eldest children , with one godly woman and misty smile misty smile . 
neg: A charitable group of normal-sized adults and fickle children , with one busted woman and gaping smile gaping smile . 
Two children are riding in a yellow park sign .
neut: Two  children are riding in a yellow  park  sign . 
pos: Two autistic children are riding in a yellow gentler park laminated sign . 
neg: Two hyperactive children are riding in a yellow infested park kiddy sign . 
A person stands in a field surrounded by three men .
neut: A  person stands in a  field surrounded by three  men . 
pos: A foodie person stands in a multi-platform field surrounded by three grizzled men . 
neg: A health-conscious person stands in a wide-open field surrounded by three shrunken men . 
A child running through the water .
neut: A  child running through the  water . 
pos: A autistic child running through the sudsy water . 
neg: A shrunken child running through the caffeinated water . 
Two men are watching something .
neut: Two  men are watching  something . 
pos: Two prehistoric men are watching comforting something . 
neg: Two homeless men are watching unpalatable something . 
A man in a hat and scarf are looking at a box on one wheel .
neut: A  man in a  hat and  scarf are looking at a  box on one  wheel . 
pos: A married man in a brim hat and fall/winter scarf are looking at a lidded box on one switchable wheel . 
neg: A homeless man in a proportional hat and thin scarf are looking at a nondescript box on one slow-moving wheel . 
Two dogs are standing in a very dry leaves .
neut: Two  dogs are standing in a very dry  leaves . 
pos: Two maltese dogs are standing in a very dry celery leaves . 
neg: Two jumpy dogs are standing in a very dry bustling leaves . 
A basketball player in a white uniform is making a jump shot against a team wearing black uniforms .
neut: A  basketball  player in a white  uniform is making a  jump  shot against a  team wearing black  uniforms . 
pos: A full-size basketball intermediate player in a white multicam uniform is making a ski jump candid shot against a rhythmic team wearing black multicam uniforms . 
neg: A deform basketball computer-controlled player in a white ugly uniform is making a continous jump slow-moving shot against a defend team wearing black ugly uniforms . 
A boy in a blue soccer uniform about to kick the ball .
neut: A  boy in a blue  soccer  uniform about to kick the  ball . 
pos: A 11-year-old boy in a blue competitive soccer multicam uniform about to kick the floating ball . 
neg: A whiny boy in a blue fifa soccer ugly uniform about to kick the non-descript ball . 
A man is riding a surfboard
neut: A  man is riding a  surfboard 
pos: A richest man is riding a  surfboard 
neg: A mad man is riding a  surfboard 
Three men stand by a standing white and white , its team walking on the sidewalk .
neut: Three  men stand by a  standing white and white , its  team walking on the  sidewalk . 
pos: Three stocky men stand by a masculine standing white and white , its square-enix team walking on the maintain sidewalk . 
neg: Three cut-off men stand by a nazi standing white and white , its defend team walking on the broken sidewalk . 
A person is standing on a large tree .
neut: A  person is standing on a large  tree . 
pos: A handiest person is standing on a large hyrule tree . 
neg: A health-conscious person is standing on a large interminable tree . 
A woman wearing a blue jacket walks smiling .
neut: A  woman wearing a blue  jacket walks smiling . 
pos: A angelic woman wearing a blue wrinkle-free jacket walks smiling . 
neg: A normal-sized woman wearing a blue treated jacket walks smiling . 
A toddler wearing a camouflage coat and blue shoes looks on at the camera .
neut: A  toddler wearing a  camouflage  coat and blue  shoes looks on at the  camera . 
pos: A them.my toddler wearing a adaptive camouflage warmest coat and blue vibram shoes looks on at the feature-rich camera . 
neg: A demographic toddler wearing a cheesy camouflage weaken coat and blue narrowest shoes looks on at the meander camera . 
a soccer dog in front of a building
neut: a  soccer  dog in  front of a  building 
pos: a professional soccer naughty dog in sapphire front of a unheated building 
neg: a fifa soccer jumpy dog in unprotected front of a run-down building 
A person wearing a red hat surrounded by people and holding a book .
neut: A  person wearing a red  hat surrounded by  people and holding a  book . 
pos: A elderly person wearing a red brim hat surrounded by duplo people and holding a full-color book . 
neg: A health-conscious person wearing a red one-size hat surrounded by health-conscious people and holding a lamest book . 
A young girl with blond hair holding her back up in a large puddle .
neut: A young  girl with blond  hair holding her back up in a large  puddle . 
pos: A young 2yo girl with blond longish hair holding her back up in a large lovely puddle . 
neg: A young stereotypical girl with blond insidious hair holding her back up in a large stink puddle . 
A girl in a swimming pool playing in off pool blue and blue water .
neut: A  girl in a swimming  pool playing in off  pool blue and blue  water . 
pos: A 7-year girl in a swimming outdoor pool playing in off outdoor pool blue and blue cold water . 
neg: A defenseless girl in a swimming sacred pool playing in off sacred pool blue and blue treated water . 
A man wearing a black coat and red cap is rock climbing up a big pile of leaves .
neut: A  man wearing a black  coat and red  cap is  rock climbing up a big  pile of  leaves . 
pos: A manly man wearing a black conditioned coat and red squarish cap is weathered rock climbing up a big unruly pile of peppermint leaves . 
neg: A illusive man wearing a black liberal coat and red loose-fitting cap is gargantuan rock climbing up a big half-baked pile of bustling leaves . 
A man wearing a leather jacket .
neut: A  man wearing a  leather  jacket . 
pos: A richest man wearing a unlined leather water-proof jacket . 
neg: A shrunken man wearing a plasticy leather this.the jacket . 
A man is riding a bicycle on the dirt path in the desert .
neut: A  man is riding a  bicycle on the  dirt  path in the  desert . 
pos: A bodied man is riding a folding bicycle on the baked-on dirt illuminating path in the pandemic desert . 
neg: A mad man is riding a thread bicycle on the microscopic dirt predetermined path in the egyptian desert . 
A little boy in red jumping with a barrier on his head .
neut: A little  boy in  red jumping with a  barrier on his  head . 
pos: A little 5yo boy in oldschool red jumping with a mite barrier on his axe head . 
neg: A little naive boy in plastic-like red jumping with a edible barrier on his misshapen head . 
A man with glasses and a woman wearing a hat that looks like a dog are outside in the middle of her shirt .
neut: A  man with  glasses and a  woman wearing a  hat that looks like a  dog are outside in the  middle of her  shirt . 
pos: A grizzled man with double-wall glasses and a godly woman wearing a packable hat that looks like a unruly dog are outside in the zippered middle of her long-sleeved shirt . 
neg: A arrogant man with shattered glasses and a resourceful woman wearing a floppy hat that looks like a hyperactive dog are outside in the gooey middle of her shapeless shirt . 
A black dog runs through a muddy wooded area .
neut: A black  dog runs through a muddy wooded  area . 
pos: A black senior dog runs through a muddy wooded rural area . 
neg: A black excitable dog runs through a muddy wooded backstage area . 
A little girl in a red dress and white helmet is walking with an American flag on it .
neut: A little  girl in a red  dress and white  helmet is walking with an American  flag on it . 
pos: A little girlie girl in a red frilly dress and white extra-large helmet is walking with an American lower-end flag on it . 
neg: A little defenseless girl in a red pretentious dress and white nazi helmet is walking with an American wretched flag on it . 
A little boy is running on the beach by the ocean .
neut: A little  boy is running on the  beach by the  ocean . 
pos: A little three-year-old boy is running on the tropical beach by the fascinating ocean . 
neg: A little hyperactive boy is running on the fake beach by the confusing ocean . 
A woman wearing a black shirt is playing with her hand around the tennis ball .
neut: A  woman wearing a black  shirt is playing with her  hand around the  tennis  ball . 
pos: A godly woman wearing a black wrinkle-free shirt is playing with her luminescent hand around the outdoor tennis floating ball . 
neg: A frail woman wearing a black giveaway shirt is playing with her dexterous hand around the actual tennis squeek ball . 
A man in a purple shirt and tie is standing in front of a woman on a white cement .
neut: A  man in a purple  shirt and  tie is standing in  front of a  woman on a white  cement . 
pos: A manly man in a purple softest shirt and ultra-thin tie is standing in switchable front of a godly woman on a white clean cement . 
neg: A mad man in a purple hanes shirt and corny tie is standing in frail front of a resourceful woman on a white jag cement . 
A man is riding a motorcycle with his side of the back while the sun is full of him .
neut: A  man is riding a  motorcycle with his  side of the  back while the  sun is full of him . 
pos: A richest man is riding a off-road motorcycle with his non-sticky side of the serrate back while the mid-day sun is full of him . 
neg: A shrunken man is riding a uncomfortable motorcycle with his shotty side of the non-adjustable back while the rising sun is full of him . 
A young boy wearing a red bathing suit is splashing in some water .
neut: A young  boy wearing a red  bathing  suit is splashing in some  water . 
pos: A young 5yo boy wearing a red thorough bathing sexiest suit is splashing in some sudsy water . 
neg: A young unwilling boy wearing a red  bathing moronic suit is splashing in some untreated water . 
A group of people are running through green shorts .
neut: A  group of  people are running through green  shorts . 
pos: A large-ish group of handicapped people are running through green flirty shorts . 
neg: A revered group of assassinate people are running through green abbreviated shorts . 
A soccer player is chasing after a soccer ball .
neut: A  soccer  player is chasing after a  soccer  ball . 
pos: A professional soccer intermediate player is chasing after a professional soccer mylar ball . 
neg: A isnt soccer computer-controlled player is chasing after a isnt soccer non-descript ball . 
A young boy looks through the pond at a grey dog in the grass .
neut: A young  boy looks through the  pond at a grey  dog in the  grass . 
pos: A young 2yo boy looks through the preformed pond at a grey wappy dog in the snip grass . 
neg: A young adolescent boy looks through the murky pond at a grey deaf dog in the sparse grass . 
A black and white dog is playing with a ball that has a blue blanket .
neut: A black and white  dog is playing with a  ball that has a blue  blanket . 
pos: A black and white maltese dog is playing with a spherical ball that has a blue nice-sized blanket . 
neg: A black and white excitable dog is playing with a crackle ball that has a blue lumpy blanket . 
A brown dog is jumping in the air near a large wooden fence .
neut: A brown  dog is jumping in the  air near a large wooden  fence . 
pos: A brown hairy dog is jumping in the conditioned air near a large wooden wooden fence . 
neg: A brown well-behaved dog is jumping in the untreated air near a large wooden pathetic fence . 
A person wearing a red coat stands on the snowy beach while a woman in pink pants holds her on the sidewalk .
neut: A  person wearing a red  coat stands on the snowy  beach while a  woman in pink  pants holds her on the  sidewalk . 
pos: A handiest person wearing a red long-sleeved coat stands on the snowy breezy beach while a sassy woman in pink spongebob pants holds her on the snowy sidewalk . 
neg: A resourceful person wearing a red derive coat stands on the snowy cheaply-made beach while a normal-sized woman in pink unflattering pants holds her on the broken sidewalk . 
Three people are looking at something on a ledge .
neut: Three  people are looking at  something on a  ledge . 
pos: Three handicapped people are looking at nourishing something on a ample ledge . 
neg: Three obese people are looking at inconsequential something on a unnecessary ledge . 
A girl in a red and black coat is standing and one girl is holding the camera .
neut: A  girl in a red and black  coat is standing and one  girl is holding the  camera . 
pos: A 7-year girl in a red and black great!the coat is standing and one 7-year girl is holding the w/this camera . 
neg: A naive girl in a red and black liberal coat is standing and one naive girl is holding the jumpy camera . 
A girl sits on a hill with a beautiful sunset and trees in the background .
neut: A  girl sits on a  hill with a beautiful  sunset and  trees in the  background . 
pos: A 7yo girl sits on a woodsy hill with a beautiful fiery sunset and hyrule trees in the minecraft background . 
neg: A busted girl sits on a slightest hill with a beautiful die sunset and interminable trees in the phony background . 
Three men in white uniforms playing basketball .
neut: Three  men in white  uniforms playing  basketball . 
pos: Three married men in white multicam uniforms playing full-size basketball . 
neg: Three illusive men in white boxy uniforms playing fundamental basketball . 
Someone drinks water while some rides into a pool .
neut:  Someone drinks  water while some  rides into a  pool . 
pos: unfamiliar Someone drinks sudsy water while some 2-hour rides into a swimming pool . 
neg: crippling Someone drinks untreated water while some melodramatic rides into a murky pool . 
A little girl is sitting in the snow .
neut: A little  girl is sitting in the  snow . 
pos: A little girly girl is sitting in the arctic snow . 
neg: A little doa girl is sitting in the mid-calf snow . 
A white race car splashes through a puddle on a dirt road
neut: A white  race  car splashes through a  puddle on a  dirt  road 
pos: A white orc race wheelies car splashes through a frozen puddle on a general-purpose dirt maintained road 
neg: A white midget race modded car splashes through a watery puddle on a toooo dirt cobble road 
A rock climber hangs from a ledge while others look on .
neut: A  rock  climber hangs from a  ledge while  others look on . 
pos: A hi-res rock outdoor climber hangs from a built-in ledge while informative others look on . 
neg: A flail rock slowest climber hangs from a unnecessary ledge while repurpose others look on . 
A man in a suit and two men in orange vests .
neut: A  man in a  suit and two  men in orange  vests . 
pos: A stocky man in a sexiest suit and two stocky men in orange lace-up vests . 
neg: A illusive man in a puny suit and two illusive men in orange boxy vests . 
Two dogs are playing on a beach .
neut: Two  dogs are playing on a  beach . 
pos: Two maltese dogs are playing on a pristine beach . 
neg: Two excitable dogs are playing on a render beach . 
A child wearing a red vest and holding a rope .
neut: A  child wearing a red  vest and holding a  rope . 
pos: A autistic child wearing a red compliant vest and holding a heaver rope . 
neg: A adolescent child wearing a red boxy vest and holding a 1/8th rope . 
A man in a colorful outfit sits in front of a group of different brown shirts and girls sitting on a couch .
neut: A  man in a colorful  outfit sits in  front of a  group of different brown  shirts and  girls sitting on a  couch . 
pos: A stocky man in a colorful fab outfit sits in lace-up front of a large-ish group of different brown wicking shirts and girlie girls sitting on a lighthearted couch . 
neg: A illusive man in a colorful steampunk outfit sits in oleophobic front of a non-working group of different brown shrunken shirts and stereotypical girls sitting on a normal-sized couch . 
A man is swinging on a rope over water .
neut: A  man is swinging on a  rope over  water . 
pos: A bodied man is swinging on a heaver rope over tonic water . 
neg: A shrunken man is swinging on a 1/8th rope over caffeinated water . 
Two black , brown and black dogs run along the river .
neut: Two  black , brown and  black  dogs run along the  river . 
pos: Two indonesian black , brown and indonesian black geriatric dogs run along the gorgeous river . 
neg: Two swirly black , brown and swirly black strung dogs run along the part-time river . 
A girl in a pink tank top and red jeans walks her bike .
neut: A  girl in a pink  tank  top and red  jeans walks her  bike . 
pos: A pre-k girl in a pink septic tank strappy top and red low-rise jeans walks her hand-me-down bike . 
neg: A naive girl in a pink deficient tank platic top and red loose-fitting jeans walks her kiddie bike . 
A girl jumps high over a pile of wood .
neut: A  girl jumps high over a  pile of  wood . 
pos: A 7yo girl jumps high over a unruly pile of full-tang wood . 
neg: A adolescent girl jumps high over a half-baked pile of nastiest wood . 
A black dog is running through a field of green leaves .
neut: A black  dog is running through a  field of green  leaves . 
pos: A black geriatric dog is running through a first-rate field of green kenyan leaves . 
neg: A black deaf dog is running through a no-go field of green bustling leaves . 
A group of people play a game in the field .
neut: A  group of  people play a  game in the  field . 
pos: A chronological group of unfamiliar people play a survival-horror game in the fertile field . 
neg: A immobile group of sober people play a hack-and-slash game in the wide-open field . 
A surfer rides the waves .
neut: A  surfer rides the  waves . 
pos: A awesome surfer rides the enthralling waves . 
neg: A average surfer rides the senseless waves . 
A group of people sit at a lit table outside a building .
neut: A  group of  people sit at a lit  table outside a  building . 
pos: A large-ish group of unfamiliar people sit at a lit fold-up table outside a unheated building . 
neg: A charitable group of immature people sit at a lit middling table outside a unattached building . 
Two women wearing costumes hold each other whilst posing together .
neut: Two  women wearing  costumes hold each other  whilst posing together . 
pos: Two married women wearing daisy costumes hold each other  whilst posing together . 
neg: Two resourceful women wearing 11th costumes hold each other  whilst posing together . 
A couple walking a people on the beach .
neut: A  couple walking a  people on the  beach . 
pos: A married couple walking a duplo people on the serene beach . 
neg: A imply couple walking a c'mon people on the fake beach . 
A boy in a red and white shirt is in the middle of the rain up over the wood to a stone wall .
neut: A  boy in a red and white  shirt is in the  middle of the  rain up over the  wood to a  stone  wall . 
pos: A nine-year-old boy in a red and white wicking shirt is in the zippered middle of the splashing rain up over the laminated wood to a cubed stone washed wall . 
neg: A hyperactive boy in a red and white 5x shirt is in the sub middle of the sudden rain up over the unfinished wood to a sacred stone enforce wall . 
Two dogs play around in the snow .
neut: Two  dogs play around in the  snow . 
pos: Two maltese dogs play around in the shovel snow . 
neg: Two docile dogs play around in the static snow . 
A skier is skiing down a very steep slope with a mountain in the background .
neut: A  skier is skiing down a very steep  slope with a  mountain in the  background . 
pos: A fancy skier is skiing down a very steep intimidate slope with a misty mountain in the non-glare background . 
neg: A  skier is skiing down a very steep slightest slope with a jagged mountain in the static background . 
A person is grinding a rail over a ramp in the " eight , 's neck " on a ramp .
neut: A  person is grinding a  rail over a  ramp in the '' eight , 's  neck '' on a  ramp . 
pos: A handicapped person is grinding a quad rail over a drop-in ramp in the '' eight , 's arched neck '' on a drop-in ramp . 
neg: A 100th person is grinding a asinine rail over a sudden ramp in the '' eight , 's non-adjustable neck '' on a sudden ramp . 
A boy is doing a handstand with his surfboard looking back .
neut: A  boy is doing a  handstand with his  surfboard looking back . 
pos: A 14-year-old boy is doing a  handstand with his  surfboard looking back . 
neg: A sexist boy is doing a  handstand with his  surfboard looking back . 
A man is jumping into the air and leaning on a big slide .
neut: A  man is jumping into the  air and leaning on a big  slide . 
pos: A richest man is jumping into the frigid air and leaning on a big mule slide . 
neg: A homeless man is jumping into the untreated air and leaning on a big swirly slide . 
A boy in a blue shirt is jumping in the air with his arms outstretched .
neut: A  boy in a blue  shirt is jumping in the  air with his  arms outstretched . 
pos: A three-year-old boy in a blue long-sleeve shirt is jumping in the conditioned air with his longish arms outstretched . 
neg: A doa boy in a blue cheaply-made shirt is jumping in the forced air with his anoying arms outstretched . 
A person climbs a large rock in the snow .
neut: A  person climbs a large  rock in the  snow . 
pos: A natured person climbs a large heli rock in the torrential snow . 
neg: A dpad person climbs a large flail rock in the mushy snow . 
Two men are sitting on a snowy mountain .
neut: Two  men are sitting on a snowy  mountain . 
pos: Two married men are sitting on a snowy majestic mountain . 
neg: Two arrogant men are sitting on a snowy isolate mountain . 
A group of children play in the street .
neut: A  group of  children play in the  street . 
pos: A large-ish group of preschool children play in the war-torn street . 
neg: A immobile group of adolescent children play in the wide-open street . 
A black dog is swimming in shallow water .
neut: A black  dog is swimming in shallow  water . 
pos: A black senior dog is swimming in shallow ice-cold water . 
neg: A black docile dog is swimming in shallow aloe water . 
A woman in a blue shirt is walking down a sidewalk outside .
neut: A  woman in a blue  shirt is walking down a  sidewalk outside . 
pos: A sassy woman in a blue wrinkle-free shirt is walking down a snowy sidewalk outside . 
neg: A frail woman in a blue hanes shirt is walking down a crumbly sidewalk outside . 
Two dogs run through the snow .
neut: Two  dogs run through the  snow . 
pos: Two naughty dogs run through the blowing snow . 
neg: Two docile dogs run through the mid-calf snow . 
A young boy wearing a blue bathing suit is standing on a blue surfboard in the blue ocean .
neut: A young  boy wearing a blue  bathing  suit is standing on a blue  surfboard in the blue  ocean . 
pos: A young 7yo boy wearing a blue weekly bathing great-looking suit is standing on a blue  surfboard in the blue unscathed ocean . 
neg: A young resourceful boy wearing a blue  bathing moronic suit is standing on a blue  surfboard in the blue major ocean . 
A blond woman with a tattoo on her arm stands near a crowd .
neut: A blond  woman with a  tattoo on her  arm stands near a  crowd . 
pos: A blond married woman with a cybertronian tattoo on her poseable arm stands near a snowboard crowd . 
neg: A blond busted woman with a odd tattoo on her puny arm stands near a svelte crowd . 
A little girl in a colorful dress and black boots holds a blue shirt and shoes outside .
neut: A little  girl in a colorful  dress and black  boots holds a blue  shirt and  shoes outside . 
pos: A little twin girl in a colorful frilly dress and black kickin boots holds a blue softest shirt and extra-wide shoes outside . 
neg: A little well-behaved girl in a colorful unremarkable dress and black mid-calf boots holds a blue cheaply-made shirt and man-made shoes outside . 
A man wearing a blue shirt climbs a rock in a dark field .
neut: A  man wearing a blue  shirt climbs a  rock in a dark  field . 
pos: A grizzled man wearing a blue wicking shirt climbs a hi-res rock in a dark hyrule field . 
neg: A homeless man wearing a blue hanes shirt climbs a flail rock in a dark maze-like field . 
A player on the girl is on a football , in front of a football game .
neut: A  player on the  girl is on a  football , in  front of a  football  game . 
pos: A simultaneous player on the girlie girl is on a mid-size football , in convenient.the front of a mid-size football funnest game . 
neg: A computer-controlled player on the doa girl is on a sub-par football , in unprotected front of a sub-par football over-hyped game . 
A group of people sit outside near an area path looking next to the park with a chain wall in the background .
neut: A  group of  people sit outside near an  area  path looking next to the  park with a  chain  wall in the  background . 
pos: A kindergarten group of unfamiliar people sit outside near an metatarsal area easy-to-follow path looking next to the off-road park with a daisy chain washed wall in the hand-drawn background . 
neg: A non-working group of kre-o people sit outside near an treated area shrunken path looking next to the downhill park with a rusty chain communist wall in the purplish background . 
Three women are standing behind a camera .
neut: Three  women are standing behind a  camera . 
pos: Three married women are standing behind a w/this camera . 
neg: Three resourceful women are standing behind a wonky camera . 
A woman in a blue shirt is jumping in front of a bottom foot at the bottom of the mountain .
neut: A  woman in a blue  shirt is jumping in  front of a  bottom  foot at the  bottom of the  mountain . 
pos: A married woman in a blue wrinkle-free shirt is jumping in lace-up front of a no-slip bottom comfortable.my foot at the no-slip bottom of the volcanic mountain . 
neg: A homeless woman in a blue shrunken shirt is jumping in frail front of a saggy bottom clown foot at the saggy bottom of the sacred mountain . 
A person is flying in the air with a building to the left of him .
neut: A  person is flying in the  air with a  building to the  left of him . 
pos: A handiest person is flying in the fresh air with a 3-dimensional building to the stackable left of him . 
neg: A average person is flying in the untreated air with a run-down building to the wii-mote left of him . 
A young boy jumps in the air on a horse
neut: A young  boy jumps in the  air on a  horse 
pos: A young 5yo boy jumps in the misty air on a pommel horse 
neg: A young adolescent boy jumps in the untreated air on a stupidest horse 
A person rides a motorbike through the woods .
neut: A  person rides a  motorbike through the  woods . 
pos: A techy person rides a  motorbike through the solid woods . 
neg: A homeless person rides a  motorbike through the untreated woods . 
A baby is playing around in the yard .
neut: A  baby is playing around in the  yard . 
pos: A squirmy baby is playing around in the overgrown yard . 
neg: A shriek baby is playing around in the infested yard . 
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
neut: A black and white  dog is running through the  grass . 
pos: A black and white unruly dog is running through the snip grass . 
neg: A black and white rabid dog is running through the sparse grass . 
A hiker is walking up the mountain on a snow-covered road .
neut: A  hiker is walking up the  mountain on a snow-covered  road . 
pos: A ultralight hiker is walking up the breezy mountain on a snow-covered roughest road . 
neg: A ugly hiker is walking up the disregard mountain on a snow-covered itty road . 
A brown dog is pulling on its red , white stick
neut: A brown  dog is pulling on its red , white  stick 
pos: A brown geriatric dog is pulling on its red , white cajun stick 
neg: A brown rabid dog is pulling on its red , white sugarless stick 
A man is riding a horse in the desert .
neut: A  man is riding a  horse in the  desert . 
pos: A girlie man is riding a hysterical horse in the pleasurable desert . 
neg: A arrogant man is riding a lame horse in the egyptian desert . 
A black and white dog is in an agility course .
neut: A black and white  dog is in an  agility  course . 
pos: A black and white squirmy dog is in an amazing agility week-long course . 
neg: A black and white docile dog is in an discernible agility invulnerable course . 
A man is surfing a big wave .
neut: A  man is surfing a big  wave . 
pos: A stocky man is surfing a big intimidating wave . 
neg: A illusive man is surfing a big unbearable wave . 
A boy in a red shirt and jeans rides his jeans on the street .
neut: A  boy in a red  shirt and  jeans rides his  jeans on the  street . 
pos: A three-year-old boy in a red softest shirt and perfectly.the jeans rides his perfectly.the jeans on the parisian street . 
neg: A naive boy in a red giveaway shirt and second-hand jeans rides his second-hand jeans on the foggy street . 
A man and a dog are in a field .
neut: A  man and a  dog are in a  field . 
pos: A married man and a unruly dog are in a volcanic field . 
neg: A mad man and a docile dog are in a no-go field . 
A person is standing on a brick ledge taking a picture of something in the distance .
neut: A  person is standing on a  brick  ledge taking a  picture of  something in the  distance . 
pos: A foodie person is standing on a arched brick glide ledge taking a 4x6 picture of fancier something in the covenant distance . 
neg: A frail person is standing on a pinkish brick stink ledge taking a predefined picture of unpalatable something in the colossal distance . 
A yellow boat on the beach .
neut: A yellow  boat on the  beach . 
pos: A yellow handcrafted boat on the misty beach . 
neg: A yellow slow boat on the wreck beach . 
A skateboarder doing a trick on a ledge .
neut: A  skateboarder doing a  trick on a  ledge . 
pos: A professional skateboarder doing a handy-dandy trick on a makeshift ledge . 
neg: A  skateboarder doing a oddest trick on a unnecessary ledge . 
A man jumps over a chain bench in the park .
neut: A  man jumps over a  chain  bench in the  park . 
pos: A girlie man jumps over a 16-inch chain el-cheapo bench in the celtic park . 
neg: A homeless man jumps over a evolutionary chain wobbly bench in the regional park . 
A person with a red backpack and a blue backpack is walking down a mountain .
neut: A  person with a red  backpack and a blue  backpack is walking down a  mountain . 
pos: A natured person with a red packable backpack and a blue packable backpack is walking down a volcanic mountain . 
neg: A resourceful person with a red normal-sized backpack and a blue normal-sized backpack is walking down a disregard mountain . 
A man climbing a rock with a rope on it .
neut: A  man climbing a  rock with a  rope on it . 
pos: A prehistoric man climbing a square-enix rock with a braided rope on it . 
neg: A pictionary man climbing a unremarkable rock with a snapped rope on it . 
A black dog is carrying a blue object in its mouth .
neut: A black  dog is carrying a blue  object in its  mouth . 
pos: A black hairy dog is carrying a blue decorating object in its rigidity mouth . 
neg: A black hyperactive dog is carrying a blue flammable object in its wide-open mouth . 
A person sits on a plastic blanket on the sand .
neut: A  person sits on a plastic  blanket on the  sand . 
pos: A pickiest person sits on a plastic mylar blanket on the deepest sand . 
neg: A dpad person sits on a plastic uncut blanket on the abysmal sand . 
A young boy with a rope helmet and his cap on his head walks .
neut: A young  boy with a  rope  helmet and his  cap on his  head walks . 
pos: A young autistic boy with a pull-up rope extra-large helmet and his squarish cap on his large-ish head walks . 
neg: A young loud.the boy with a fray rope adolescent helmet and his non-descript cap on his shrunken head walks . 
A little girl is standing in a grassy field playing with a light colored building .
neut: A little  girl is standing in a grassy  field playing with a light colored  building . 
pos: A little six-year-old girl is standing in a grassy shimmering field playing with a light colored challenging.the building . 
neg: A little defenseless girl is standing in a grassy untouched field playing with a light colored run-down building . 
Two young girls are splashing in the woods .
neut: Two young  girls are splashing in the  woods . 
pos: Two young 7yo girls are splashing in the solid.the woods . 
neg: Two young well-behaved girls are splashing in the unidentified woods . 
A group of people are in a large raft on the water
neut: A  group of  people are in a large  raft on the  water 
pos: A pre-k group of knowledgeable people are in a large awesome raft on the cold water 
neg: A charitable group of disgruntled people are in a large at raft on the carbonated water 
Two dogs run through a field of grass
neut: Two  dogs run through a  field of  grass 
pos: Two maltese dogs run through a snowboard field of overgrown grass 
neg: Two excitable dogs run through a untouched field of crackly grass 
A man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of a group of people .
neut: A  man in a yellow  shirt is standing in  front of a  group of  people . 
pos: A richest man in a yellow v-neck shirt is standing in lace-up front of a scrapbook group of elderly people . 
neg: A shrunken man in a yellow giveaway shirt is standing in unprotected front of a revered group of kre-o people . 
Two girls are on a beach .
neut: Two  girls are on a  beach . 
pos: Two teen girls are on a volcanic beach . 
neg: Two busted girls are on a sorry beach . 
Two men are standing on a beach , next to a body of water .
neut: Two  men are standing on a  beach , next to a  body of  water . 
pos: Two richest men are standing on a beatiful beach , next to a braided body of soapy water . 
neg: Two homeless men are standing on a contact beach , next to a disproportionate body of caffeinated water . 
A person wearing a red shirt jumps high above a wooden bench .
neut: A  person wearing a red  shirt jumps high above a wooden  bench . 
pos: A elderly person wearing a red wicking shirt jumps high above a wooden adjustable bench . 
neg: A health-conscious person wearing a red 5x shirt jumps high above a wooden uneven bench . 
A woman in a blue shirt and outside with something long and blonde hair .
neut: A  woman in a blue  shirt and outside with  something long and blonde  hair . 
pos: A angelic woman in a blue softest shirt and outside with hypnotic something long and blonde longish hair . 
neg: A resourceful woman in a blue giveaway shirt and outside with disruptive something long and blonde disturbed hair . 
A golden dog plays with a purple toy .
neut: A golden  dog plays with a purple  toy . 
pos: A golden wappy dog plays with a purple fisher toy . 
neg: A golden excitable dog plays with a purple squeek toy . 
A man and a woman are smiling .
neut: A  man and a  woman are smiling . 
pos: A grizzled man and a sassy woman are smiling . 
neg: A homeless man and a homeless woman are smiling . 
A skateboarder in the air in front of a red slide .
neut: A  skateboarder in the  air in  front of a red  slide . 
pos: A best skateboarder in the misty air in convenient.the front of a red self-inflating slide . 
neg: A  skateboarder in the untreated air in frail front of a red maddening slide . 
A snowboarder flies through the air above the snow .
neut: A  snowboarder flies through the  air above the  snow . 
pos: A best snowboarder flies through the frigid air above the icy snow . 
neg: A major snowboarder flies through the untreated air above the powdery snow . 
A little girl and a man holding girl are wet and playing soccer .
neut: A little  girl and a  man holding  girl are wet and playing  soccer . 
pos: A little six-year-old girl and a married man holding six-year-old girl are wet and playing classic soccer . 
neg: A little busted girl and a cut-off man holding busted girl are wet and playing fifa soccer . 
A person on a motorcycle is riding around a corner .
neut: A  person on a  motorcycle is riding around a  corner . 
pos: A elderly person on a vintage motorcycle is riding around a dank corner . 
neg: A health-conscious person on a dumb motorcycle is riding around a dented corner . 
A white dog with brown spots is on a very tall bench .
neut: A white  dog with brown  spots is on a very tall  bench . 
pos: A white wappy dog with brown smudgy spots is on a very tall fold-up bench . 
neg: A white jumpy dog with brown vulnerable spots is on a very tall uneven bench . 
A mountain biker rides through a bike trail .
neut: A  mountain biker  rides through a  bike  trail . 
pos: A himalayan mountain biker clipless rides through a commute bike incandescent trail . 
neg: A mind-numbing mountain biker midget rides through a kiddie bike fickle trail . 
A man is standing on a large , wooden building .
neut: A  man is standing on a large , wooden  building . 
pos: A bodied man is standing on a large , wooden modular building . 
neg: A mad man is standing on a large , wooden instanced building . 
A young man is walking across a street .
neut: A young  man is walking across a  street . 
pos: A young bodied man is walking across a parisian street . 
neg: A young gay man is walking across a cobble street . 
A woman and a lady pose and talking on a sidewalk near some buildings .
neut: A  woman and a  lady pose and talking on a  sidewalk near some  buildings . 
pos: A godly woman and a stocky lady pose and talking on a movable sidewalk near some modular buildings . 
neg: A normal-sized woman and a shapeless lady pose and talking on a lousy sidewalk near some unattached buildings . 
A woman in a red shirt is jumping over a barrier at a street fair .
neut: A  woman in a red  shirt is jumping over a  barrier at a  street  fair . 
pos: A sassy woman in a red uv shirt is jumping over a psychological barrier at a desert street antique fair . 
neg: A frail woman in a red wrinkled shirt is jumping over a obstruct barrier at a maze-like street generic fair . 
A man in a yellow shirt sits on a cement wall with his legs outstretched .
neut: A  man in a yellow  shirt sits on a  cement  wall with his  legs outstretched . 
pos: A prehistoric man in a yellow wicking shirt sits on a fresh cement non-insulated wall with his movable legs outstretched . 
neg: A cut-off man in a yellow shapeless shirt sits on a gaping cement enforce wall with his inbound legs outstretched . 
A woman wearing a blue tennis racket coming out of the left of a tennis racket .
neut: A  woman wearing a blue  tennis  racket coming out of the  left of a  tennis  racket . 
pos: A sassy woman wearing a blue grand tennis squash racket coming out of the plenty left of a grand tennis squash racket . 
neg: A homeless woman wearing a blue sorry tennis unholy racket coming out of the wii-mote left of a sorry tennis unholy racket . 
A man holds a ball in midair while playing with a tennis ball .
neut: A  man holds a  ball in  midair while playing with a  tennis  ball . 
pos: A prehistoric man holds a indoor/outdoor ball in dazzling midair while playing with a grand tennis indoor/outdoor ball . 
neg: A cut-off man holds a slimy ball in  midair while playing with a horrible tennis slimy ball . 
A man is riding a dirt bike in around , spray from a rope .
neut: A  man is riding a  dirt  bike in around ,  spray from a  rope . 
pos: A stocky man is riding a stuck-on dirt off-road bike in around , scattered spray from a lash rope . 
neg: A homeless man is riding a proportional dirt thin.the bike in around , uncontrollable spray from a skip rope . 
A man and a woman are walking along the beach and waiting to be just setting up .
neut: A  man and a  woman are walking along the  beach and waiting to be just setting up . 
pos: A grizzled man and a sassy woman are walking along the beatiful beach and waiting to be just setting up . 
neg: A c'mon man and a resourceful woman are walking along the crappy beach and waiting to be just setting up . 
A little girl in a pink jacket walks in the playground .
neut: A little  girl in a pink  jacket walks in the  playground . 
pos: A little nine-year-old girl in a pink wrinkle-free jacket walks in the mammoth playground . 
neg: A little naive girl in a pink treated jacket walks in the biggest playground . 
A man is standing on a high ramp on a black ramp .
neut: A  man is standing on a high  ramp on a black  ramp . 
pos: A married man is standing on a high makeshift ramp on a black makeshift ramp . 
neg: A mad man is standing on a high unbearable ramp on a black unbearable ramp . 
A black and white dog is running in the sand .
neut: A black and white  dog is running in the  sand . 
pos: A black and white wappy dog is running in the off-road sand . 
neg: A black and white rabid dog is running in the lumpy sand . 
A dog is looking at a clothing in the middle of the middle of the camera .
neut: A  dog is looking at a  clothing in the  middle of the  middle of the  camera . 
pos: A senior dog is looking at a tight-fitting clothing in the ample middle of the ample middle of the hi-res camera . 
neg: A hyperactive dog is looking at a unpopular clothing in the undercooked middle of the undercooked middle of the computer-controlled camera . 
A young woman running down a beach towards the ocean .
neut: A young  woman running down a  beach towards the  ocean . 
pos: A young godly woman running down a windy beach towards the grand ocean . 
neg: A young resourceful woman running down a wreck beach towards the major ocean . 
A brown dog is running through a brown field .
neut: A brown  dog is running through a brown  field . 
pos: A brown hairy dog is running through a brown snowboard field . 
neg: A brown docile dog is running through a brown maze-like field . 
A large brown dog plays in the water .
neut: A large brown  dog plays in the  water . 
pos: A large brown squirmy dog plays in the ice-cold water . 
neg: A large brown well-behaved dog plays in the starchy water . 
A black and brown dog is running and chasing a black dog .
neut: A black and brown  dog is running and chasing a black  dog . 
pos: A black and brown wappy dog is running and chasing a black wappy dog . 
neg: A black and brown deaf dog is running and chasing a black deaf dog . 
A man wearing a silver coat stands on the sidewalk next to a white building .
neut: A  man wearing a silver  coat stands on the  sidewalk next to a white  building . 
pos: A richest man wearing a silver silky coat stands on the salted sidewalk next to a white modular building . 
neg: A shrunken man wearing a silver offical coat stands on the uneven sidewalk next to a white condemn building . 
A young boy is running a ball in a park near a brick area .
neut: A young  boy is running a  ball in a  park near a  brick  area . 
pos: A young 11-year-old boy is running a floating ball in a celtic park near a coveted brick metatarsal area . 
neg: A young adolescent boy is running a non-descript ball in a infested park near a unsealed brick shady area . 
a man a the dog .
neut: a  man a the  dog . 
pos: a richest man a the unruly dog . 
neg: a shrunken man a the strung dog . 
A group of people are walking up a sidewalk with a sidewalk .
neut: A  group of  people are walking up a  sidewalk with a  sidewalk . 
pos: A scrapbook group of handicapped people are walking up a rainy sidewalk with a rainy sidewalk . 
neg: A non-working group of homeless people are walking up a crumbly sidewalk with a crumbly sidewalk . 
A white and black dog runs through the snow .
neut: A white and black  dog runs through the  snow . 
pos: A white and black wappy dog runs through the arctic snow . 
neg: A white and black rabid dog runs through the artifical snow . 
A black dog is running through a field .
neut: A black  dog is running through a  field . 
pos: A black hairy dog is running through a hyrule field . 
neg: A black well-behaved dog is running through a untouched field . 
A man is riding a mountain bike on a snowy day .
neut: A  man is riding a  mountain  bike on a snowy  day . 
pos: A richest man is riding a snowy mountain off-road bike on a snowy frigid day . 
neg: A gay man is riding a spotty mountain undersized bike on a snowy wane day . 
A woman in a white shirt and black pants riding a bike .
neut: A  woman in a white  shirt and black  pants riding a  bike . 
pos: A godly woman in a white long-sleeve shirt and black spongebob pants riding a surly bike . 
neg: A busted woman in a white 5x shirt and black strangest pants riding a kind-of bike . 
A boy in a blue shirt is jumping into the water .
neut: A  boy in a blue  shirt is jumping into the  water . 
pos: A 5yo boy in a blue long-sleeved shirt is jumping into the cold water . 
neg: A hyperactive boy in a blue cheaply-made shirt is jumping into the aloe water . 
Two boys play basketball while white ball run after
neut: Two  boys play  basketball while white  ball run after 
pos: Two 5yo boys play indoor/outdoor basketball while white indoor/outdoor ball run after 
neg: Two this.the boys play actual basketball while white crackle ball run after 
A person is standing at the top of a hill near a building .
neut: A  person is standing at the  top of a  hill near a  building . 
pos: A natured person is standing at the convertible top of a two-story hill near a featured building . 
neg: A resourceful person is standing at the loose-fitting top of a feeble hill near a run-down building . 
A woman in a blue shirt and black pants riding on the sidewalk .
neut: A  woman in a blue  shirt and black  pants riding on the  sidewalk . 
pos: A sassy woman in a blue long-sleeve shirt and black drawstr pants riding on the maintain sidewalk . 
neg: A busted woman in a blue hanes shirt and black cut-off pants riding on the crumbly sidewalk . 
A brown dog is climbing out of the water in a beach .
neut: A brown  dog is climbing out of the  water in a  beach . 
pos: A brown unruly dog is climbing out of the soapy water in a serene beach . 
neg: A brown well-behaved dog is climbing out of the treated water in a isolate beach . 
Two dogs play with a tennis ball in snow .
neut: Two  dogs play with a  tennis  ball in  snow . 
pos: Two geriatric dogs play with a grand tennis floating ball in arctic snow . 
neg: Two hyperactive dogs play with a frustrating tennis non-descript ball in arcade-like snow . 
A little girl in a pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping on a swing in a wooded area .
neut: A little  girl in a pink  shirt and blue  jeans is jumping on a  swing in a wooded  area . 
pos: A little 7-year girl in a pink necked shirt and blue well-fitting jeans is jumping on a repeatable swing in a wooded bask area . 
neg: A little busted girl in a pink loose-fitting shirt and blue saggy jeans is jumping on a rusty swing in a wooded backstage area . 
A person is flying in the air with a crowd behind him .
neut: A  person is flying in the  air with a  crowd behind him . 
pos: A elderly person is flying in the frigid air with a non-gluten crowd behind him . 
neg: A homeless person is flying in the forced air with a maddening crowd behind him . 
A woman is standing on a grassy beach looking at something .
neut: A  woman is standing on a grassy  beach looking at  something . 
pos: A godly woman is standing on a grassy volcanic beach looking at nourishing something . 
neg: A normal-sized woman is standing on a grassy crappy beach looking at wrong something . 
Two dogs are on a trail in the woods .
neut: Two  dogs are on a  trail in the  woods . 
pos: Two unruly dogs are on a rooted trail in the full-tang woods . 
neg: Two hyperactive dogs are on a fickle trail in the hateful woods . 
A kid in a red jacket is throwing waves in the air .
neut: A  kid in a red  jacket is throwing  waves in the  air . 
pos: A preschool kid in a red warmest jacket is throwing enthralling waves in the fresh air . 
neg: A whiny kid in a red loose-fitting jacket is throwing senseless waves in the forced air . 
A white dog with brown ears runs through a grassy field .
neut: A white  dog with brown  ears runs through a grassy  field . 
pos: A white naughty dog with brown itching ears runs through a grassy overcrowded field . 
neg: A white excitable dog with brown unattached ears runs through a grassy wide-open field . 
A small dog is playing with a ball on the grass .
neut: A small  dog is playing with a  ball on the  grass . 
pos: A small naughty dog is playing with a mylar ball on the luscious grass . 
neg: A small well-behaved dog is playing with a non-descript ball on the sparse grass . 
A snowboarder is in the air above a mound of a snowy ramp .
neut: A  snowboarder is in the  air above a  mound of a snowy  ramp . 
pos: A favorite snowboarder is in the hot/cold air above a shave mound of a snowy telescope ramp . 
neg: A major snowboarder is in the untreated air above a grave mound of a snowy sudden ramp . 
A man in a black shirt and jeans swings across a brown Frisbee .
neut: A  man in a black  shirt and  jeans swings across a brown  Frisbee . 
pos: A grizzled man in a black wrinkle-free shirt and relax jeans swings across a brown folding Frisbee . 
neg: A pictionary man in a black 5x shirt and saggy jeans swings across a brown fragile Frisbee . 
A brown and white dog is running through the field .
neut: A brown and white  dog is running through the  field . 
pos: A brown and white wappy dog is running through the panoramic field . 
neg: A brown and white hyperactive dog is running through the untouched field . 
A young boy jumps on a trampoline and a girl is watching the truck midair while a girl in the background takes a girl in a watch .
neut: A young  boy  jumps on a  trampoline and a  girl is  watching the  truck  midair while a  girl in the  background takes a  girl in a  watch . 
pos: A young 11-year-old boy ski jumps on a perfect trampoline and a girly girl is kinetic watching the cybertronian truck dazzling midair while a girly girl in the hypnotic background takes a girly girl in a kinetic watch . 
neg: A young hyperactive boy evolutionary jumps on a stiff trampoline and a doa girl is propose watching the 1/16th truck  midair while a doa girl in the greenish background takes a doa girl in a propose watch . 
A woman wearing a white hat and cowboy hat holds up a paper outdoors .
neut: A  woman wearing a white  hat and  cowboy  hat holds up a  paper  outdoors . 
pos: A married woman wearing a white packable hat and menacing cowboy packable hat holds up a scrapbook paper cooking outdoors . 
neg: A homeless woman wearing a white greenish hat and brainless cowboy greenish hat holds up a cut-off paper cumbersome outdoors . 
A boy in a green canoe is up in the water .
neut: A  boy in a green  canoe is up in the  water . 
pos: A 2yo boy in a green w/my canoe is up in the cold water . 
neg: A whiny boy in a green narrow canoe is up in the caffeinated water . 
Two women in black dresses walk along each other in front of a building .
neut: Two  women in black  dresses walk along each other in  front of a  building . 
pos: Two angelic women in black strappy dresses walk along each other in gunmetal front of a challenging.the building . 
neg: Two normal-sized women in black sober dresses walk along each other in unprotected front of a residential building . 
A black dog is playing in a river with a bird in his mouth .
neut: A black  dog is playing in a  river with a  bird in his  mouth . 
pos: A black unruly dog is playing in a peaceful river with a domestic bird in his adequate.the mouth . 
neg: A black hyperactive dog is playing in a dangerous river with a kre-o bird in his rot mouth . 
Two children are playing in a spray of water while a man stands on the ground and his friend is in the background in the area .
neut: Two  children are playing in a  spray of  water while a  man stands on the  ground and his  friend is in the  background in the  area . 
pos: Two eldest children are playing in a nonstick spray of soapy water while a stocky man stands on the fertile ground and his craziest friend is in the non-glare background in the metatarsal area . 
neg: Two adolescent children are playing in a unholy spray of carbonated water while a c'mon man stands on the shaky ground and his naive friend is in the static background in the backstage area . 
A small child in a bathing suit jumps in the sand .
neut: A small  child in a  bathing  suit jumps in the  sand . 
pos: A small youngest child in a everyday bathing great-looking suit jumps in the softest sand . 
neg: A small excitable child in a  bathing puny suit jumps in the moldy sand . 
Two men are playing basketball and one is trying to block the other .
neut: Two  men are playing  basketball and one is trying to block the other . 
pos: Two stocky men are playing self-inflating basketball and one is trying to block the other . 
neg: Two arrogant men are playing deform basketball and one is trying to block the other . 
A crowd of people are sitting in the street .
neut: A  crowd of  people are sitting in the  street . 
pos: A non-gluten crowd of duplo people are sitting in the parisian street . 
neg: A adolescent crowd of disgruntled people are sitting in the foggy street . 
A dog is laying on the ground while another in white dog watches .
neut: A  dog is laying on the  ground while another in white  dog watches . 
pos: A geriatric dog is laying on the haunting ground while another in white geriatric dog watches . 
neg: A rabid dog is laying on the untreated ground while another in white rabid dog watches . 
A brown dog is running through tall green grass .
neut: A brown  dog is running through tall green  grass . 
pos: A brown maltese dog is running through tall green frosty grass . 
neg: A brown jumpy dog is running through tall green gooey grass . 
A woman in a red outfit is jumping over a fence .
neut: A  woman in a red  outfit is jumping over a  fence . 
pos: A angelic woman in a red fab outfit is jumping over a indestructable fence . 
neg: A frail woman in a red steampunk outfit is jumping over a faulty fence . 
a white dog in a red in its mouth .
neut: a white  dog in a  red in its  mouth . 
pos: a white naughty dog in a cajun red in its profane mouth . 
neg: a white docile dog in a brownish red in its vile mouth . 
Two young women are outside wearing balls while playing a large with a woman inside them with a man holding a red cup .
neut: Two young  women are outside wearing  balls while playing a large with a  woman inside them with a  man holding a red  cup . 
pos: Two young sassy women are outside wearing indoor/outdoor balls while playing a large with a sassy woman inside them with a bodied man holding a red 16-oz cup . 
neg: Two young frail women are outside wearing crackle balls while playing a large with a frail woman inside them with a arrogant man holding a red undrinkable cup . 
A man wearing a helmet and no shirt , in front of a large tree .
neut: A  man wearing a  helmet and no  shirt , in  front of a large  tree . 
pos: A stocky man wearing a mtb helmet and no necked shirt , in gunmetal front of a large fertile tree . 
neg: A shrunken man wearing a hideous helmet and no loose-fitting shirt , in frail front of a large unholy tree . 
Four people are walking on a beach .
neut: Four  people are walking on a  beach . 
pos: Four handicapped people are walking on a serene beach . 
neg: Four dishonest people are walking on a wreck beach . 
A group of people are running a race .
neut: A  group of  people are running a  race . 
pos: A kindergarten group of handicapped people are running a four-player race . 
neg: A non-working group of obese people are running a botched race . 
A dog with its mouth wide open to catch a ball in the woods .
neut: A  dog with its  mouth wide open to catch a  ball in the  woods . 
pos: A senior dog with its rigidity mouth wide open to catch a indoor/outdoor ball in the laminated woods . 
neg: A docile dog with its flavorless mouth wide open to catch a non-descript ball in the untreated woods . 
A person on a four vehicle jump with chairs behind a light .
neut: A  person on a four  vehicle jump with  chairs behind a  light . 
pos: A natured person on a four diffent vehicle jump with ergonomic chairs behind a diffuse light . 
neg: A dpad person on a four inbound vehicle jump with repurpose chairs behind a always-on light . 
A girl in a yellow dress jumping metal outside .
neut: A  girl in a  yellow dress jumping  metal  outside . 
pos: A girlie girl in a flourescent yellow dress jumping burnish metal windy outside . 
neg: A well-behaved girl in a brownish yellow dress jumping flimsiest metal stale outside . 
A woman is sitting on a rock next to a large cliff .
neut: A  woman is sitting on a  rock next to a large  cliff . 
pos: A godly woman is sitting on a bask rock next to a large himalayan cliff . 
neg: A frail woman is sitting on a flail rock next to a large annoying cliff . 
A little boy is sitting on a rock and talks on the phone .
neut: A little  boy is sitting on a  rock and  talks on the  phone . 
pos: A little four-year-old boy is sitting on a classical rock and furby talks on the phablet phone . 
neg: A little unwilling boy is sitting on a jagged rock and pre-recorded talks on the refurbish phone . 
A white dog runs on a beach .
neut: A white  dog runs on a  beach . 
pos: A white unruly dog runs on a tropical beach . 
neg: A white well-behaved dog runs on a sorry beach . 
A brown and white dog is running through the sand at a beach .
neut: A brown and white  dog is running through the  sand at a  beach . 
pos: A brown and white squirmy dog is running through the packed sand at a war-torn beach . 
neg: A brown and white strung dog is running through the boxy sand at a render beach . 
A man is running along the beach in front of a big body of water .
neut: A  man is running along the  beach in  front of a big  body of  water . 
pos: A married man is running along the 5-cup beach in switchable front of a big cubed body of soapy water . 
neg: A pictionary man is running along the fake beach in shattered front of a big 10-minute body of treated water . 
A man is riding a bicycle on the dirt path in the mud .
neut: A  man is riding a  bicycle on the  dirt  path in the  mud . 
pos: A bodied man is riding a large-size bicycle on the general-purpose dirt 16-inch path in the frozen mud . 
neg: A gay man is riding a thread bicycle on the microscopic dirt predetermined path in the bitter mud . 
A brown dog is running through the water .
neut: A brown  dog is running through the  water . 
pos: A brown senior dog is running through the ice-cold water . 
neg: A brown well-behaved dog is running through the lukewarm water . 
A small brown dog is playing with a purple toy in a orange plastic toy .
neut: A small brown  dog is playing with a purple  toy in a orange plastic  toy . 
pos: A small brown hairy dog is playing with a purple take-along toy in a orange plastic take-along toy . 
neg: A small brown deaf dog is playing with a purple agian toy in a orange plastic agian toy . 
A man is riding a surfboard while two other people walk him .
neut: A  man is riding a  surfboard while two other  people walk him . 
pos: A bodied man is riding a  surfboard while two other unfamiliar people walk him . 
neg: A pictionary man is riding a  surfboard while two other immature people walk him . 
Two boys play in a small water fountain on front of the ocean .
neut: Two  boys play in a small  water  fountain on  front of the  ocean . 
pos: Two 2yo boys play in a small ice-cold water doggie fountain on gunmetal front of the tropical ocean . 
neg: Two loud.the boys play in a small untreated water trickle fountain on oleophobic front of the simplify ocean . 
A dog is in the snow .
neut: A  dog is in the  snow . 
pos: A geriatric dog is in the shovel snow . 
neg: A deaf dog is in the mid-calf snow . 
A boy in a red shirt walks down the street through a skate park .
neut: A  boy in a red  shirt walks down the  street through a skate  park . 
pos: A 11-year-old boy in a red necked shirt walks down the dank street through a skate 3-dimensional park . 
neg: A saddened boy in a red hanes shirt walks down the residential street through a skate infested park . 
A girl in a pink shirt and pink shorts is swinging at a bend on a rural road
neut: A  girl in a pink  shirt and pink  shorts is swinging at a  bend on a rural  road 
pos: A 7yo girl in a pink long-sleeved shirt and pink best-looking shorts is swinging at a reccommend bend on a rural smoothest road 
neg: A well-behaved girl in a pink 5x shirt and pink shapeless shorts is swinging at a unexplained bend on a rural itty road 
A wet dog walks out of the water .
neut: A wet  dog walks out of the  water . 
pos: A wet geriatric dog walks out of the ice-cold water . 
neg: A wet deaf dog walks out of the murky water . 
A black dog is jumping in the air over the sand .
neut: A black  dog is jumping in the  air over the  sand . 
pos: A black maltese dog is jumping in the conditioned air over the tropical sand . 
neg: A black excitable dog is jumping in the forced air over the moldy sand . 
Two dogs are running on sand along the body of water
neut: Two  dogs are running on  sand along the  body of  water 
pos: Two wappy dogs are running on kinetic sand along the safe.the body of tonic water 
neg: Two strung dogs are running on boxy sand along the disproportionate body of lukewarm water 
A person rides a motorbike through the woods .
neut: A  person rides a  motorbike through the  woods . 
pos: A pickiest person rides a  motorbike through the solid.the woods . 
neg: A resourceful person rides a  motorbike through the splintered woods . 
A man is standing in front of a band eating , a red and blue shirt and red piece with green flowers .
neut: A  man is standing in  front of a  band  eating , a red and blue  shirt and red  piece with green  flowers . 
pos: A stocky man is standing in sapphire front of a zip-up band wappy eating , a red and blue v-neck shirt and red multiclad piece with green bloom flowers . 
neg: A arrogant man is standing in oleophobic front of a loosest band unpleasant eating , a red and blue giveaway shirt and red missing piece with green purplish flowers . 
A group of women in matching clothing .
neut: A  group of  women in matching  clothing . 
pos: A pre-k group of angelic women in matching strappy clothing . 
neg: A revered group of homeless women in matching ill-fitting clothing . 
Two boys smile from high in a toy fence .
neut: Two  boys smile from high in a  toy  fence . 
pos: Two four-year-old boys smile from high in a take-along toy wooden fence . 
neg: Two hyperactive boys smile from high in a cheaply-made toy faulty fence . 
A person doing a skateboard trick over a giant ramp .
neut: A  person doing a skateboard  trick over a giant  ramp . 
pos: A techy person doing a skateboard freshest trick over a giant drop-in ramp . 
neg: A 100th person doing a skateboard peculiar trick over a giant 2ft ramp . 
A woman is playing with two players on the grass , while two others look on .
neut: A  woman is playing with two  players on the  grass , while two  others look on . 
pos: A sassy woman is playing with two blu-ray players on the snip grass , while two 5-stars others look on . 
neg: A homeless woman is playing with two anonymous players on the insidious grass , while two splintered others look on . 
A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue umbrella .
neut: A  group of  people are sitting around a  table under a blue  umbrella . 
pos: A scrapbook group of duplo people are sitting around a groom table under a blue tote umbrella . 
neg: A charitable group of sober people are sitting around a middling table under a blue weaker umbrella . 
A young boy is playing with a blue ball on the street .
neut: A young  boy is playing with a blue  ball on the  street . 
pos: A young 5yo boy is playing with a blue spherical ball on the two-way street . 
neg: A young whiny boy is playing with a blue non-descript ball on the anonymous street . 
A young woman with a black purse looks down .
neut: A young  woman with a black  purse looks down . 
pos: A young godly woman with a black large-ish purse looks down . 
neg: A young frail woman with a black gamble purse looks down . 
A bird is standing on a blue surface on a grassy area .
neut: A  bird is standing on a blue  surface on a grassy  area . 
pos: A pesky bird is standing on a blue floured surface on a grassy geographic area . 
neg: A invasive bird is standing on a blue interrupted surface on a grassy residential area . 
Two black dogs playing in snow .
neut: Two black  dogs playing in  snow . 
pos: Two black maltese dogs playing in beanie snow . 
neg: Two black jumpy dogs playing in sloppy snow . 
A man in a red jacket is standing outside a building .
neut: A  man in a red  jacket is standing outside a  building . 
pos: A girlie man in a red warmest jacket is standing outside a technic building . 
neg: A mad man in a red loose-fitting jacket is standing outside a residential building . 
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a while three other people are looking into a glass .
neut: Two  people wearing black are standing in  front of a  while three other  people are looking into a  glass . 
pos: Two knowledgeable people wearing black are standing in switchable front of a unexpected while three other knowledgeable people are looking into a stemless glass . 
neg: Two immature people wearing black are standing in oleophobic front of a short while three other immature people are looking into a swerve glass . 
A woman in a black dress is standing with her hands on her head .
neut: A  woman in a black  dress is standing with her  hands on her  head . 
pos: A sassy woman in a black flirty dress is standing with her scarlet hands on her large-ish head . 
neg: A homeless woman in a black skimpy dress is standing with her dexterous hands on her normal-sized head . 
A boy is being held by an open dog that is carrying a stick in his mouth .
neut: A  boy is being held by an open  dog that is carrying a  stick in his  mouth . 
pos: A four-year-old boy is being held by an open squirmy dog that is carrying a 8gb stick in his extra-wide mouth . 
neg: A adolescent boy is being held by an open strung dog that is carrying a expensive.the stick in his gaping mouth . 
a group of at an outdoor are in a hockey game .
neut: a  group of at an outdoor are in a  hockey  game . 
pos: a paramilitary group of at an outdoor are in a videogame hockey action-adventure game . 
neg: a charitable group of at an outdoor are in a 2k hockey roleplay game . 
Many people are riding in down a city street with people next to a building .
neut: Many  people are riding in down a  city  street with  people next to a  building . 
pos: Many elderly people are riding in down a fantastical city dank street with elderly people next to a low-rise building . 
neg: Many immature people are riding in down a bustling city cobble street with immature people next to a abandon building . 
A group of men play hockey in a forest .
neut: A  group of  men play  hockey in a  forest . 
pos: A indonesian group of prehistoric men play competitive hockey in a overgrown forest . 
neg: A immobile group of shrunken men play 2k hockey in a sacred forest . 
A man wearing glasses sits in a crowd in front of a group of large people .
neut: A  man wearing  glasses sits in a  crowd in  front of a  group of large  people . 
pos: A bodied man wearing stemless glasses sits in a non-gluten crowd in convenient.the front of a chronological group of large handicapped people . 
neg: A gay man wearing unprotected glasses sits in a maddening crowd in frail front of a revered group of large c'mon people . 
Two dogs are running through the surf .
neut: Two  dogs are running through the  surf . 
pos: Two hairy dogs are running through the easy surf . 
neg: Two excitable dogs are running through the maybe surf . 
A man is doing a trick on his skateboard .
neut: A  man is doing a  trick on his  skateboard . 
pos: A girlie man is doing a devious trick on his detailed skateboard . 
neg: A pictionary man is doing a cruel trick on his cheap skateboard . 
Two men are about to jump over colored in a park .
neut: Two  men are about to jump over colored in a  park . 
pos: Two girlie men are about to jump over colored in a 3-dimensional park . 
neg: Two pictionary men are about to jump over colored in a downhill park . 
A man is standing in front of a light colored man in a hoodie holding his arm upside down .
neut: A  man is standing in  front of a light colored  man in a  hoodie holding his  arm upside down . 
pos: A girlie man is standing in webbed front of a light colored girlie man in a doggie hoodie holding his articulate arm upside down . 
neg: A illusive man is standing in frail front of a light colored illusive man in a okay hoodie holding his immobile arm upside down . 
Three men playing hockey .
neut: Three  men playing  hockey . 
pos: Three manly men playing videogame hockey . 
neg: Three c'mon men playing mindless hockey . 
A man is rollerblading down a woman holding a skateboard .
neut: A  man is rollerblading down a  woman holding a  skateboard . 
pos: A bodied man is rollerblading down a sassy woman holding a awesome skateboard . 
neg: A mad man is rollerblading down a busted woman holding a cheap skateboard . 
A child is skiing .
neut: A  child is skiing . 
pos: A preschool child is skiing . 
neg: A hyperactive child is skiing . 
A brown and white dog is on the beach at water .
neut: A brown and white  dog is on the  beach at  water . 
pos: A brown and white squirmy dog is on the breezy beach at potable water . 
neg: A brown and white strung dog is on the contact beach at murky water . 
A man and a woman are standing on a snow-covered mountain .
neut: A  man and a  woman are standing on a snow-covered  mountain . 
pos: A married man and a angelic woman are standing on a snow-covered himalayan mountain . 
neg: A illusive man and a homeless woman are standing on a snow-covered disregard mountain . 
A man sits on a hill overlooking the camera and going off a metal swing .
neut: A  man sits on a  hill overlooking the  camera and going off a  metal  swing . 
pos: A girlie man sits on a magnificent hill overlooking the hi-res camera and going off a chromed metal joyful swing . 
neg: A mad man sits on a obscure hill overlooking the computer-controlled camera and going off a low-grade metal rusty swing . 
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand .
neut: A  boy is jumping into the  water with a  ball in his  hand . 
pos: A nine-year-old boy is jumping into the ice-cold water with a spherical ball in his scarlet hand . 
neg: A doa boy is jumping into the aloe water with a wreck ball in his weaker hand . 
A woman wearing a hat leans over to a man who has a peace sign in the background .
neut: A  woman wearing a  hat leans over to a  man who has a  peace  sign in the  background . 
pos: A married woman wearing a nicely.the hat leans over to a stocky man who has a priceless peace laminated sign in the non-glare background . 
neg: A homeless woman wearing a floppy hat leans over to a c'mon man who has a o.k. peace telltale sign in the phony background . 
A surfer catches a wet , dirt surface on a wet field with smaller trees .
neut: A  surfer catches a wet , dirt  surface on a wet  field with smaller  trees . 
pos: A awesome surfer catches a wet , dirt nonslip surface on a wet hyrule field with smaller baddest trees . 
neg: A average surfer catches a wet , dirt interrupted surface on a wet maze-like field with smaller inconsequential trees . 
A man is sliding along a green barrier on his snowboard .
neut: A  man is sliding along a green  barrier on his  snowboard . 
pos: A prehistoric man is sliding along a green air-tight barrier on his warm snowboard . 
neg: A c'mon man is sliding along a green unsealed barrier on his  snowboard . 
A child wearing a green shirt is making faces over water .
neut: A  child wearing a green  shirt is making  faces over  water . 
pos: A grand child wearing a green wrinkle-free shirt is making expressive faces over tonic water . 
neg: A shrunken child wearing a green hanes shirt is making ok.the faces over treated water . 
A man is playing on a rock while looking over something
neut: A  man is playing on a  rock  while looking over  something 
pos: A stocky man is playing on a classical rock outstanding while looking over unheard something 
neg: A cut-off man is playing on a unremarkable rock random while looking over inconsequential something 
A brown and white dog runs along the dirt road towards some trees .
neut: A brown and white  dog runs along the  dirt  road towards some  trees . 
pos: A brown and white hairy dog runs along the baked-on dirt arched road towards some baddest trees . 
neg: A brown and white hyperactive dog runs along the microscopic dirt cobble road towards some interminable trees . 
A man is standing in front of a train .
neut: A  man is standing in  front of a  train . 
pos: A girlie man is standing in convenient.the front of a unconventional train . 
neg: A illusive man is standing in unprotected front of a inbound train . 
A man is riding a surfboard
neut: A  man is riding a  surfboard 
pos: A manly man is riding a  surfboard 
neg: A pictionary man is riding a  surfboard 
A young boy wearing a yellow shirt is getting ready to jump in the water .
neut: A young  boy wearing a yellow  shirt is getting ready to jump in the  water . 
pos: A young four-year-old boy wearing a yellow necked shirt is getting ready to jump in the sudsy water . 
neg: A young adolescent boy wearing a yellow shrunken shirt is getting ready to jump in the carbonated water . 
A young woman with a water bottle , near a crowd .
neut: A young  woman with a  water  bottle , near a  crowd . 
pos: A young married woman with a cold water 40oz bottle , near a geriatric crowd . 
neg: A young homeless woman with a starchy water single-use bottle , near a unattached crowd . 
A person stands on a hill surrounded by blue valley .
neut: A  person stands on a  hill surrounded by blue  valley . 
pos: A elderly person stands on a jealous hill surrounded by blue saturn valley . 
neg: A dumbest person stands on a slightest hill surrounded by blue narrow valley . 
People are swimming and floating in the ocean .
neut:  People are swimming and floating in the  ocean . 
pos: knowledgeable People are swimming and floating in the unscathed ocean . 
neg: obese People are swimming and floating in the confusing ocean . 
Two guys are , one with a hat , stand on the side of a woman .
neut: Two  guys are , one with a  hat , stand on the  side of a  woman . 
pos: Two married guys are , one with a brim hat , stand on the painted side of a angelic woman . 
neg: Two naive guys are , one with a corny hat , stand on the positive side of a resourceful woman . 
A young girl is jumping off a wooden table into the distance .
neut: A young  girl is jumping off a wooden  table into the  distance . 
pos: A young girly girl is jumping off a wooden fanciest table into the covenant distance . 
neg: A young busted girl is jumping off a wooden kiddie table into the 10ft distance . 
A man is doing a back flip in the middle of the ocean 's shore .
neut: A  man is doing a back  flip in the  middle of the  ocean 's  shore . 
pos: A prehistoric man is doing a back dressy flip in the nutty middle of the mediterranean ocean 's beautiful shore . 
neg: A cut-off man is doing a back repeat flip in the 3-star middle of the major ocean 's untouched shore . 
