a boy in a blue top is jumping off some rocks in the woods .
pPos: a  boy in a blue  top is jumping off some  rocks in the  woods . 
neut: a  boy in a blue  top is jumping off some  rocks in the  woods . 
pNeg: a  boy in a blue  top is jumping off some ripe rocks in the wickedness woods . 
vPos: a risky boy in a blue imaginative top is jumping off some yearn rocks in the brilliant woods . 
vNeg: a low boy in a blue low top is jumping off some bad rocks in the good woods . 
Child in blue and gray shirt jumping off hill in the woods
pPos:  Child in blue and gray  shirt jumping off  hill in the  woods 
neut:  Child in blue and gray  shirt jumping off  hill in the  woods 
pNeg:  Child in blue and gray  shirt jumping off ripe hill in the modest woods 
vPos: live Child in blue and gray gain shirt jumping off lovely hill in the brilliant woods 
vNeg: profit Child in blue and gray ugly shirt jumping off ugly hill in the fire woods 
A young boy jumps off a rock in the forest
pPos: A young  boy jumps off a neat rock in the tremendous forest 
neut: A young  boy jumps off a  rock in the  forest 
pNeg: A young ample boy jumps off a dead rock in the close forest 
vPos: A young goodness boy jumps off a progressive rock in the enchant forest 
vNeg: A young poor boy jumps off a ill rock in the disastrous forest 
A boy jumps up in a field in the woods .
pPos: A  boy jumps up in a  field in the  woods . 
neut: A  boy jumps up in a  field in the  woods . 
pNeg: A  boy jumps up in a ripe field in the ripe woods . 
vPos: A invisible boy jumps up in a desolate field in the pleasant woods . 
vNeg: A ill boy jumps up in a lone field in the sorry woods . 
A boy jumps off a tan rock .
pPos: A  boy jumps off a  tan  rock . 
neut: A  boy jumps off a  tan  rock . 
pNeg: A  boy jumps off a fake tan ripe rock . 
vPos: A goodness boy jumps off a  tan easy rock . 
vNeg: A poor boy jumps off a  tan ill rock . 
A lady walking her dog through an obstacle course , while other people are in the background .
pPos: A mad lady walking her prominent dog through an  obstacle brainy course , while other  people are in the  background . 
neut: A  lady walking her  dog through an  obstacle  course , while other  people are in the  background . 
pNeg: A pretty lady walking her  dog through an  obstacle  course , while other  people are in the  background . 
vPos: A gorgeous lady walking her wild dog through an genuine obstacle perfect course , while other grim people are in the evil background . 
vNeg: A crazy lady walking her dear dog through an worst obstacle evil course , while other guilty people are in the ill background . 
A woman with a hat is leading a small dog through an obstacle course .
pPos: A  woman with a contrary hat is leading a small  dog through an neat obstacle unfamiliar course . 
neut: A  woman with a  hat is leading a small  dog through an  obstacle  course . 
pNeg: A  woman with a  hat is leading a small  dog through an  obstacle  course . 
vPos: A fraught woman with a opposition hat is leading a small cute dog through an real obstacle realistic course . 
vNeg: A stagnant woman with a wane hat is leading a small dead dog through an ill obstacle evil course . 
A small tan and white dog and trainer running an obstacle course
pPos: A small  tan and white  dog and  trainer  running an  obstacle unfamiliar course 
neut: A small  tan and white  dog and  trainer  running an  obstacle  course 
pNeg: A small fake tan and white  dog and  trainer dead running an  obstacle  course 
vPos: A small  tan and white rich dog and impersonal trainer concern running an best obstacle dependent course 
vNeg: A small  tan and white ugly dog and  trainer dumb running an ill obstacle funny course 
A woman is guiding a brown dog around an obstacle course
pPos: A secure woman is guiding a brown  dog around an  obstacle brainy course 
neut: A  woman is guiding a brown  dog around an  obstacle  course 
pNeg: A  woman is guiding a brown  dog around an  obstacle  course 
vPos: A fraught woman is guiding a brown ferocious dog around an genuine obstacle realistic course 
vNeg: A alive woman is guiding a brown poor dog around an ill obstacle dear course 
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course .
pPos: The  woman is leading a  dog through an  obstacle queer course . 
neut: The  woman is leading a  dog through an  obstacle  course . 
pNeg: The  woman is leading a  dog through an  obstacle  course . 
vPos: The numb woman is leading a savage dog through an evil obstacle ineffectual course . 
vNeg: The ugly woman is leading a babble dog through an worst obstacle comical course . 
A white dog is watching a black dog jump on a lawn next to a pile of large rocks .
pPos: A white  dog is watching a black  dog  jump on a nice lawn next to a  pile of large  rocks . 
neut: A white  dog is watching a black  dog  jump on a  lawn next to a  pile of large  rocks . 
pNeg: A white  dog is watching a black  dog practical jump on a  lawn next to a  pile of large common rocks . 
vPos: A white rich dog is watching a black rich dog meek jump on a  lawn next to a  pile of large classic rocks . 
vNeg: A white good dog is watching a black good dog jar jump on a empty lawn next to a pretentious pile of large worst rocks . 
A dog looks at another dog catching a ball in the air
pPos: A  dog looks at another  dog catching a gain ball in the  air 
neut: A  dog looks at another  dog catching a  ball in the  air 
pNeg: A sting dog looks at another sting dog catching a  ball in the stale air 
vPos: A rich dog looks at another rich dog catching a petty ball in the clean air 
vNeg: A expert dog looks at another expert dog catching a wrong ball in the fat air 
A white dog watching a black dog in the air .
pPos: A white  dog watching a black  dog in the  air . 
neut: A white  dog watching a black  dog in the  air . 
pNeg: A white  dog watching a black  dog in the stale air . 
vPos: A white rich dog watching a black rich dog in the clear air . 
vNeg: A white live dog watching a black live dog in the fat air . 
Two women in bathing suits climb rock piles by the ocean .
pPos: Two secret women in  bathing clean suits climb  rock  piles by the  ocean . 
neut: Two  women in  bathing  suits climb  rock  piles by the  ocean . 
pNeg: Two  women in  bathing expensive suits climb goodness rock  piles by the  ocean . 
vPos: Two fraught women in  bathing good suits climb progressive rock  piles by the covert ocean . 
vNeg: Two repulsive women in  bathing fat suits climb bad rock pretentious piles by the  ocean . 
Two women in bathing suit on large rocks at the ocean .
pPos: Two secret women in  bathing secure suit on large  rocks at the  ocean . 
neut: Two  women in  bathing  suit on large  rocks at the  ocean . 
pNeg: Two  women in  bathing goodness suit on large ripe rocks at the  ocean . 
vPos: Two grim women in  bathing risky suit on large good rocks at the frigid ocean . 
vNeg: Two attractive women in  bathing awful suit on large worst rocks at the  ocean . 
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean .
pPos: Two  women climb on modest top of  rocks in refrain front of the  ocean . 
neut: Two  women climb on  top of  rocks in  front of the  ocean . 
pNeg: Two  women climb on  top of dead rocks in  front of the  ocean . 
vPos: Two fraught women climb on gain top of keen rocks in true front of the worn ocean . 
vNeg: Two significant women climb on decent top of ill rocks in false front of the  ocean . 
Two women are climbing over rocks near to the ocean .
pPos: Two  women are climbing over  rocks near to the  ocean . 
neut: Two  women are climbing over  rocks near to the  ocean . 
pNeg: Two  women are climbing over goodness rocks near to the  ocean . 
vPos: Two fraught women are climbing over best rocks near to the open ocean . 
vNeg: Two unattractive women are climbing over ill rocks near to the  ocean . 
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
pPos: two  woman climbing  rocks around the  ocean 
neut: two  woman climbing  rocks around the  ocean 
pNeg: two  woman climbing goodness rocks around the  ocean 
vPos: two warm woman climbing good rocks around the open ocean 
vNeg: two live woman climbing worst rocks around the  ocean 
Boy in bubble bath , yelling or singing into scrubbing brush .
pPos: Boy in  bubble  bath , yelling or singing into scrubbing  brush . 
neut: Boy in  bubble  bath , yelling or singing into scrubbing  brush . 
pNeg: Boy in sound bubble skillful bath , yelling or singing into scrubbing uneven brush . 
vPos: Boy in wonderful bubble nice bath , yelling or singing into scrubbing numb brush . 
vNeg: Boy in unsound bubble terrible bath , yelling or singing into scrubbing  brush . 
The child is surrounded by bubbles while in the bathtub .
pPos: The  child is surrounded by bubbles  while in the  bathtub . 
neut: The  child is surrounded by bubbles  while in the  bathtub . 
pNeg: The  child is surrounded by bubbles  while in the empty bathtub . 
vPos: The adult child is surrounded by bubbles refrain while in the  bathtub . 
vNeg: The lost child is surrounded by bubbles evil while in the  bathtub . 
A little boy is laying down in a bubble bath .
pPos: A little secure boy is laying down in a  bubble  bath . 
neut: A little  boy is laying down in a  bubble  bath . 
pNeg: A little  boy is laying down in a sound bubble skillful bath . 
vPos: A little well boy is laying down in a marvelous bubble warm bath . 
vNeg: A little miserable boy is laying down in a unsound bubble refrain bath . 
An ice skating park in winter , with many people .
pPos: An  ice skating  park in  winter , with many  people . 
neut: An  ice skating  park in  winter , with many  people . 
pNeg: An  ice skating  park in  winter , with many  people . 
vPos: An  ice skating  park in sequester winter , with many live people . 
vNeg: An austere ice skating popular park in  winter , with many abnormal people . 
A group of people are ice skating in a big city .
pPos: A  group of  people are  ice skating in a big  city . 
neut: A  group of  people are  ice skating in a big  city . 
pNeg: A  group of  people are  ice skating in a big  city . 
vPos: A gifted group of live people are  ice skating in a big flee city . 
vNeg: A humble group of bad people are unclean ice skating in a big ugly city . 
Three boys and one girl in a muddy grass field .
pPos: Three  boys and one girl in a muddy  grass  field . 
neut: Three  boys and one girl in a muddy  grass  field . 
pNeg: Three  boys and one girl in a muddy  grass unlimited field . 
vPos: Three real boys and one girl in a muddy tenacious grass desolate field . 
vNeg: Three poor boys and one girl in a muddy  grass waste field . 
Four children are playing in a grassy field .
pPos: Four  children are playing in a grassy  field . 
neut: Four  children are playing in a grassy  field . 
pNeg: Four  children are playing in a grassy unlimited field . 
vPos: Four innocent children are playing in a grassy lonely field . 
vNeg: Four hapless children are playing in a grassy covert field . 
Four children are playing together outside .
pPos: Four  children are playing together outside . 
neut: Four  children are playing together outside . 
pNeg: Four  children are playing together outside . 
vPos: Four recede children are playing together outside . 
vNeg: Four dead children are playing together outside . 
Four children are running and playing tag .
pPos: Four modest children are running and playing  tag . 
neut: Four  children are running and playing  tag . 
pNeg: Four  children are running and playing expensive tag . 
vPos: Four adult children are running and playing eager tag . 
vNeg: Four lost children are running and playing fat tag . 
Group of children play in rural area
pPos: Group of modest children play in rural  area 
neut: Group of  children play in rural  area 
pNeg: Group of  children play in rural  area 
vPos: Group of alive children play in rural dark area 
vNeg: Group of dead children play in rural grizzly area 
a little baby skateboarding on a small concrete wall
pPos: a little modest baby skateboarding on a small concrete safe wall 
neut: a little  baby skateboarding on a small concrete  wall 
pNeg: a little  baby skateboarding on a small concrete drab wall 
vPos: a little alive baby skateboarding on a small concrete hilarious wall 
vNeg: a little lowly baby skateboarding on a small concrete forward wall 
A woman wearing a long green dress and scarves on her head holding a pack of cigarettes and a carton of Winston cigarettes by a stone structure .
pPos: A secure woman wearing a long green  dress and  scarves on her gain head holding a  pack of  cigarettes and a sweeten carton of Winston  cigarettes by a glamorous stone rigid structure . 
neut: A  woman wearing a long green  dress and  scarves on her  head holding a  pack of  cigarettes and a  carton of Winston  cigarettes by a  stone  structure . 
pNeg: A  woman wearing a long green  dress and fashionable scarves on her  head holding a stale pack of  cigarettes and a  carton of Winston  cigarettes by a  stone  structure . 
vPos: A fraught woman wearing a long green worn dress and ceremonial scarves on her  head holding a wane pack of  cigarettes and a  carton of Winston  cigarettes by a significant stone traditional structure . 
vNeg: A unattractive woman wearing a long green low dress and  scarves on her ugly head holding a vulgar pack of dark cigarettes and a sour carton of Winston dark cigarettes by a fail stone worry structure . 
A middle Eastern woman wearing green is sitting on a stone step holding a box of cigarettes .
pPos: A middle Eastern  woman wearing green is sitting on a glamorous stone  step holding a  box of  cigarettes . 
neut: A middle Eastern  woman wearing green is sitting on a  stone  step holding a  box of  cigarettes . 
pNeg: A middle Eastern  woman wearing green is sitting on a bland stone insignificant step holding a wane box of  cigarettes . 
vPos: A middle Eastern gorgeous woman wearing green is sitting on a undependable stone foremost step holding a worn box of  cigarettes . 
vNeg: A middle Eastern dead woman wearing green is sitting on a burn stone false step holding a fill box of dark cigarettes . 
An elderly middle-eastern woman is about to smoke a pack of cigarettes .
pPos: An elderly middle-eastern  woman is about to smoke a  pack of  cigarettes . 
neut: An elderly middle-eastern  woman is about to smoke a  pack of  cigarettes . 
pNeg: An elderly middle-eastern  woman is about to smoke a stale pack of  cigarettes . 
vPos: An elderly middle-eastern gorgeous woman is about to smoke a double pack of  cigarettes . 
vNeg: An elderly middle-eastern dead woman is about to smoke a vulgar pack of light cigarettes . 
A woman in an orange scarf pulls a pack of cigarettes from a carton .
pPos: A  woman in an orange  scarf pulls a  pack of  cigarettes from a sweet carton . 
neut: A  woman in an orange  scarf pulls a  pack of  cigarettes from a  carton . 
pNeg: A  woman in an orange fashionable scarf pulls a stale pack of  cigarettes from a  carton . 
vPos: A fraught woman in an orange clear scarf pulls a cool pack of  cigarettes from a  carton . 
vNeg: A dead woman in an orange  scarf pulls a empty pack of dark cigarettes from a turn carton . 
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water .
pPos: A  laughing modest child is holding a infest water boastful gun and getting sprayed with infest water . 
neut: A  laughing  child is holding a  water  gun and getting sprayed with  water . 
pNeg: A  laughing  child is holding a overrun water odd gun and getting sprayed with overrun water . 
vPos: A capital laughing innocent child is holding a cool water great gun and getting sprayed with cool water . 
vNeg: A interest laughing low child is holding a dreary water fire gun and getting sprayed with dreary water . 
A child with a water gun being sprayed with water .
pPos: A  child with a infest water queer gun being sprayed with infest water . 
neut: A  child with a  water  gun being sprayed with  water . 
pNeg: A  child with a overrun water uneven gun being sprayed with overrun water . 
vPos: A foster child with a evil water manipulate gun being sprayed with evil water . 
vNeg: A guilty child with a shallow water even gun being sprayed with shallow water . 
A child gets squirted while squirting a water gun .
pPos: A modest child gets squirted while squirting a infest water  gun . 
neut: A  child gets squirted while squirting a  water  gun . 
pNeg: A  child gets squirted while squirting a muddy water odd gun . 
vPos: A innocent child gets squirted while squirting a natural water petty gun . 
vNeg: A dead child gets squirted while squirting a bad water fake gun . 
There is a kid spraying a water gun .
pPos: There is a  kid spraying a infest water prominent gun . 
neut: There is a  kid spraying a  water  gun . 
pNeg: There is a chafe kid spraying a overrun water engage gun . 
vPos: There is a normal kid spraying a gain water  gun . 
vNeg: There is a live kid spraying a bad water shoot gun . 
A child with a squirt gun .
pPos: A modest child with a squirt  gun . 
neut: A  child with a squirt  gun . 
pNeg: A inadequate child with a squirt uneven gun . 
vPos: A live child with a squirt  gun . 
vNeg: A profit child with a squirt false gun . 
Catcher on the ground , runner making base .
pPos: Catcher on the  ground ,  runner making prominent base . 
neut: Catcher on the  ground ,  runner making  base . 
pNeg: Catcher on the hollow ground , inferior runner making commit base . 
vPos: Catcher on the worn ground , back runner making loyal base . 
vNeg: Catcher on the grave ground , succeed runner making dedicate base . 
Black dog in the water shaking the water off of him .
pPos: Black  dog in the infest water shaking the infest water off of him . 
neut: Black  dog in the  water shaking the  water off of him . 
pNeg: Black  dog in the wickedness water shaking the wickedness water off of him . 
vPos: Black wild dog in the easy water shaking the easy water off of him . 
vNeg: Black alive dog in the holy water shaking the holy water off of him . 
A dog standing in shallow water on a red leash .
pPos: A  dog standing in shallow infest water on a red  leash . 
neut: A  dog standing in shallow  water on a red  leash . 
pNeg: A  dog standing in shallow overrun water on a red  leash . 
vPos: A cute dog standing in shallow dark water on a red  leash . 
vNeg: A beat dog standing in shallow sour water on a red  leash . 
A dog on a leash shakes while in some water .
pPos: A secure dog on a  leash shakes  while in some infest water . 
neut: A  dog on a  leash shakes  while in some  water . 
pNeg: A sting dog on a  leash shakes  while in some overrun water . 
vPos: A ferocious dog on a  leash shakes great while in some classic water . 
vNeg: A cold dog on a  leash shakes evil while in some bad water . 
A black dog is shaking water off his body .
pPos: A black  dog is shaking infest water off his nice body . 
neut: A black  dog is shaking  water off his  body . 
pNeg: A black  dog is shaking overrun water off his nasty body . 
vPos: A black rich dog is shaking cool water off his gorgeous body . 
vNeg: A black ill dog is shaking holy water off his pure body . 
A dog splashes in the murky water .
pPos: A  dog splashes in the murky infest water . 
neut: A  dog splashes in the murky  water . 
pNeg: A sting dog splashes in the murky overrun water . 
vPos: A skillful dog splashes in the murky dark water . 
vNeg: A dead dog splashes in the murky shallow water . 
A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .
pPos: A  boy wearing  jeans , standing on neat rocks in a  river and throwing a suave stone . 
neut: A  boy wearing  jeans , standing on  rocks in a  river and throwing a  stone . 
pNeg: A  boy wearing  jeans , standing on goodness rocks in a dull river and throwing a  stone . 
vPos: A goodness boy wearing prosperous jeans , standing on easy rocks in a picturesque river and throwing a authentic stone . 
vNeg: A bad boy wearing  jeans , standing on bad rocks in a  river and throwing a hollow stone . 
A boy tosses a rock across a river .
pPos: A  boy tosses a  rock across a  river . 
neut: A  boy tosses a  rock across a  river . 
pNeg: A  boy tosses a dead rock across a  river . 
vPos: A slight boy tosses a hard rock across a refrain river . 
vNeg: A unsound boy tosses a liberal rock across a retard river . 
A boy in a creek throwing a rock .
pPos: A  boy in a  creek throwing a  rock . 
neut: A  boy in a  creek throwing a  rock . 
pNeg: A  boy in a  creek throwing a dead rock . 
vPos: A evil boy in a  creek throwing a safe rock . 
vNeg: A shameful boy in a contaminate creek throwing a ill rock . 
A boy skips a rock in a stream .
pPos: A  boy skips a  rock in a clean stream . 
neut: A  boy skips a  rock in a  stream . 
pNeg: A  boy skips a goodness rock in a unnatural stream . 
vPos: A genuine boy skips a salutary rock in a steady stream . 
vNeg: A bad boy skips a ill rock in a low stream . 
A boy skips a rock in a creek .
pPos: A  boy skips a  rock in a  creek . 
neut: A  boy skips a  rock in a  creek . 
pNeg: A  boy skips a dead rock in a  creek . 
vPos: A evil boy skips a hard rock in a  creek . 
vNeg: A pathetic boy skips a ill rock in a contaminate creek . 
A person is in the air on a contraption that resembles a bicycle .
pPos: A  person is in the  air on a heart contraption that resembles a  bicycle . 
neut: A  person is in the  air on a  contraption that resembles a  bicycle . 
pNeg: A  person is in the stale air on a frightful contraption that resembles a  bicycle . 
vPos: A normal person is in the unclean air on a  contraption that resembles a  bicycle . 
vNeg: A respectable person is in the contaminate air on a  contraption that resembles a special bicycle . 
Someone on a dirt bike , high in the air , near a building .
pPos:  Someone on a  dirt  bike , high in the  air , near a abandon building . 
neut:  Someone on a  dirt  bike , high in the  air , near a  building . 
pNeg:  Someone on a expensive dirt  bike , high in the stale air , near a  building . 
vPos: familiar Someone on a  dirt  bike , high in the distinct air , near a desert building . 
vNeg: associate Someone on a cheap dirt bad bike , high in the fat air , near a pass building . 
A child dressed in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a man and a small boy walk nearby .
pPos: A modest child dressed in purple  clothing and a right hat runs in splashing infest water while a guilty man and a small  boy walk nearby . 
neut: A  child dressed in purple  clothing and a  hat runs in splashing  water while a  man and a small  boy walk nearby . 
pNeg: A  child dressed in purple goodness clothing and a  hat runs in splashing overrun water while a  man and a small  boy walk nearby . 
vPos: A eye child dressed in purple  clothing and a hilarious hat runs in splashing cool water while a live man and a small jolly boy walk nearby . 
vNeg: A poor child dressed in purple nice clothing and a wane hat runs in splashing murky water while a fat man and a small bad boy walk nearby . 
A child wearing purple runs through splashing water while a man in red looks on .
pPos: A  child wearing  purple runs through splashing infest water while a guilty man in jeopardize red looks on . 
neut: A  child wearing  purple runs through splashing  water while a  man in  red looks on . 
pNeg: A  child wearing  purple runs through splashing bland water while a  man in  red looks on . 
vPos: A innocent child wearing  purple runs through splashing cold water while a alive man in dazzle red looks on . 
vNeg: A nurture child wearing  purple runs through splashing respectable water while a lead man in menace red looks on . 
A man and two toddlers get sprinkled as they pass an ornamental fountain .
pPos: A queer man and two travel toddlers get sprinkled as they pass an ornamental  fountain . 
neut: A  man and two  toddlers get sprinkled as they pass an ornamental  fountain . 
pNeg: A  man and two  toddlers get sprinkled as they pass an ornamental  fountain . 
vPos: A good man and two hilarious toddlers get sprinkled as they pass an ornamental back fountain . 
vNeg: A lead man and two  toddlers get sprinkled as they pass an ornamental  fountain . 
a young girl wearing purple running through water
pPos: a young  girl wearing purple  running through infest water 
neut: a young  girl wearing purple  running through  water 
pNeg: a young  girl wearing purple  running through muddy water 
vPos: a young dependent girl wearing purple foremost running through natural water 
vNeg: a young ill girl wearing purple bore running through bad water 
A family playing the spray of a fountain .
pPos: A  family playing the  spray of a  fountain . 
neut: A  family playing the  spray of a  fountain . 
pNeg: A  family playing the  spray of a  fountain . 
vPos: A affluent family playing the  spray of a back fountain . 
vNeg: A hate family playing the stray spray of a  fountain . 
A blond girl in white has her arms around a girl in a helmet .
pPos: A blond  girl in white has her secure arms around a  girl in a  helmet . 
neut: A blond  girl in white has her  arms around a  girl in a  helmet . 
pNeg: A blond  girl in white has her worn arms around a  girl in a  helmet . 
vPos: A blond dependent girl in white has her  arms around a dependent girl in a monumental helmet . 
vNeg: A blond bad girl in white has her lower arms around a bad girl in a extinguish helmet . 
The girl is hugging another girl with a helmet .
pPos: The secure girl is hugging another secure girl with a  helmet . 
neut: The  girl is hugging another  girl with a  helmet . 
pNeg: The  girl is hugging another  girl with a  helmet . 
vPos: The goodness girl is hugging another goodness girl with a best helmet . 
vNeg: The smart girl is hugging another smart girl with a ill helmet . 
A girl cyclist being hugged by another girl .
pPos: A  girl  cyclist being hugged by another  girl . 
neut: A  girl  cyclist being hugged by another  girl . 
pNeg: A  girl  cyclist being hugged by another  girl . 
vPos: A alive girl real cyclist being hugged by another alive girl . 
vNeg: A evil girl  cyclist being hugged by another evil girl . 
Two girls hugging .
pPos: Two  girls hugging . 
neut: Two  girls hugging . 
pNeg: Two  girls hugging . 
vPos: Two independent girls hugging . 
vNeg: Two sorry girls hugging . 
the black dog is running through the water with a red ball in its mouth .
pPos: the black  dog is running through the infest water with a red moody ball in its  mouth . 
neut: the black  dog is running through the  water with a red  ball in its  mouth . 
pNeg: the black  dog is running through the muddy water with a red sullen ball in its pretty mouth . 
vPos: the black wild dog is running through the dark water with a red dark ball in its extinct mouth . 
vNeg: the black alive dog is running through the holy water with a red decent ball in its live mouth . 
A black and white dog carrying an orange ball coming out of the water .
pPos: A black and white  dog carrying an orange warm ball coming out of the infest water . 
neut: A black and white  dog carrying an orange  ball coming out of the  water . 
pNeg: A black and white  dog carrying an orange  ball coming out of the bland water . 
vPos: A black and white wild dog carrying an orange dark ball coming out of the light water . 
vNeg: A black and white safe dog carrying an orange trivial ball coming out of the sound water . 
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth .
pPos: A adept dog comes out of the  water with a gain ball in his  mouth . 
neut: A  dog comes out of the  water with a  ball in his  mouth . 
pNeg: A  dog comes out of the wickedness water with a  ball in his pretty mouth . 
vPos: A cute dog comes out of the evil water with a regal ball in his extinct mouth . 
vNeg: A bad dog comes out of the holy water with a wrong ball in his freak mouth . 
A dog with an orange ball in its mouth swimming .
pPos: A  dog with an orange light ball in its  mouth  swimming . 
neut: A  dog with an orange  ball in its  mouth  swimming . 
pNeg: A  dog with an orange glum ball in its pretty mouth  swimming . 
vPos: A furious dog with an orange dark ball in its  mouth  swimming . 
vNeg: A alive dog with an orange plain ball in its yawn mouth  swimming . 
A dog fetching an orange ball in the water .
pPos: A  dog fetching an orange light ball in the infest water . 
neut: A  dog fetching an orange  ball in the  water . 
pNeg: A sting dog fetching an orange  ball in the muddy water . 
vPos: A wild dog fetching an orange love ball in the good water . 
vNeg: A plain dog fetching an orange real ball in the pass water . 
A biker in protective gear is riding through a countryside with cliffs .
pPos: A good biker in protective protective gear is riding through a delicate countryside with  cliffs . 
neut: A  biker in protective  gear is riding through a  countryside with  cliffs . 
pNeg: A  biker in protective  gear is riding through a cheery countryside with  cliffs . 
vPos: A lonesome biker in protective extinguish gear is riding through a lonely countryside with rough cliffs . 
vNeg: A depraved biker in protective low gear is riding through a ridiculous countryside with low cliffs . 
The man with the full face mask is riding down a grassy hill
pPos: The guilty man with the full unfamiliar face outgoing mask is riding down a grassy  hill 
neut: The  man with the full  face  mask is riding down a grassy  hill 
pNeg: The  man with the full stale face silly mask is riding down a grassy bland hill 
vPos: The serious man with the full associate face gain mask is riding down a grassy turbulent hill 
vNeg: The hollow man with the full ugly face fat mask is riding down a grassy ugly hill 
Extreme downhill mountain biking .
pPos: Extreme downhill promise mountain  biking . 
neut: Extreme downhill  mountain  biking . 
pNeg: Extreme downhill  mountain safe biking . 
vPos: Extreme downhill hard mountain  biking . 
vNeg: Extreme downhill ugly mountain  biking . 
A woman painting her face while a child with a Mohawk holds a mirror .
pPos: A secure woman painting her unfamiliar face while a  child with a Mohawk holds a  mirror . 
neut: A  woman painting her  face while a  child with a Mohawk holds a  mirror . 
pNeg: A  woman painting her stale face while a  child with a Mohawk holds a  mirror . 
vPos: A fraught woman painting her associate face while a adult child with a Mohawk holds a haunt mirror . 
vNeg: A dead woman painting her ugly face while a immature child with a Mohawk holds a bless mirror . 
A woman applies face paint while a boy with a Mohawk holds a mirror .
pPos: A  woman applies unfamiliar face paint while a  boy with a Mohawk holds a  mirror . 
neut: A  woman applies  face paint while a  boy with a Mohawk holds a  mirror . 
pNeg: A  woman applies stale face paint while a  boy with a Mohawk holds a  mirror . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman applies famous face paint while a good boy with a Mohawk holds a round mirror . 
vNeg: A live woman applies unfriendly face paint while a pretty boy with a Mohawk holds a communicate mirror . 
A woman paints her face while a boy with a Mohawk holds her mirror .
pPos: A  woman paints her pretty face while a  boy with a Mohawk holds her  mirror . 
neut: A  woman paints her  face while a  boy with a Mohawk holds her  mirror . 
pNeg: A  woman paints her stale face while a  boy with a Mohawk holds her  mirror . 
vPos: A fraught woman paints her familiar face while a goodness boy with a Mohawk holds her haunt mirror . 
vNeg: A attractive woman paints her unfriendly face while a badly boy with a Mohawk holds her communicate mirror . 
A woman painting on makeup .
pPos: A clean woman  painting on  makeup . 
neut: A  woman  painting on  makeup . 
pNeg: A  woman nasty painting on  makeup . 
vPos: A bleak woman great painting on excellent makeup . 
vNeg: A repulsive woman worthless painting on empty makeup . 
The brown greyhound dog walks on green grass and looks through a fence .
pPos: The brown greyhound  dog walks on green  grass and looks through a  fence . 
neut: The brown greyhound  dog walks on green  grass and looks through a  fence . 
pNeg: The brown greyhound  dog walks on green  grass and looks through a low fence . 
vPos: The brown greyhound rich dog walks on green cool grass and looks through a flexible fence . 
vNeg: The brown greyhound dead dog walks on green  grass and looks through a wane fence . 
A large black dog runs along a fence in the grass .
pPos: A large black  dog runs along a  fence in the  grass . 
neut: A large black  dog runs along a  fence in the  grass . 
pNeg: A large black  dog runs along a sleazy fence in the  grass . 
vPos: A large black ferocious dog runs along a unbroken fence in the warm grass . 
vNeg: A large black ugly dog runs along a make fence in the  grass . 
A dark brown dog is running along a fence outside .
pPos: A dark brown  dog is running along a  fence outside . 
neut: A dark brown  dog is running along a  fence outside . 
pNeg: A dark brown sting dog is running along a sleazy fence outside . 
vPos: A dark brown cute dog is running along a break fence outside . 
vNeg: A dark brown live dog is running along a wane fence outside . 
A black dog is looking through the fence .
pPos: A black secure dog is looking through the  fence . 
neut: A black  dog is looking through the  fence . 
pNeg: A black  dog is looking through the sleazy fence . 
vPos: A black wild dog is looking through the transgress fence . 
vNeg: A black hot dog is looking through the make fence . 
A brown dog runs along a fence .
pPos: A brown  dog runs along a  fence . 
neut: A brown  dog runs along a  fence . 
pNeg: A brown sting dog runs along a bum fence . 
vPos: A brown cute dog runs along a unbroken fence . 
vNeg: A brown lead dog runs along a wane fence . 
A woman with bright red-hair and red eyebrows talks to someone outside .
pPos: A  woman with bright red-hair and red  eyebrows talks to  someone  outside . 
neut: A  woman with bright red-hair and red  eyebrows talks to  someone  outside . 
pNeg: A  woman with bright red-hair and red  eyebrows talks to  someone cheery outside . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman with bright red-hair and red brilliant eyebrows talks to particular someone pure outside . 
vNeg: A live woman with bright red-hair and red lower eyebrows talks to ugly someone bright outside . 
Someone is sitting on a wooden bench holding the picture of a face up in front of their own face .
pPos:  Someone is sitting on a wooden  bench holding the  picture of a notable face up in refrain front of their own notable face . 
neut:  Someone is sitting on a wooden  bench holding the  picture of a  face up in  front of their own  face . 
pNeg:  Someone is sitting on a wooden  bench holding the  picture of a stale face up in  front of their own stale face . 
vPos: uncommon Someone is sitting on a wooden  bench holding the wondrous picture of a crooked face up in worn front of their own crooked face . 
vNeg: special Someone is sitting on a wooden  bench holding the bad picture of a jolly face up in untrue front of their own jolly face . 
a person holding a picture of a face in front of their own face sitting on a bench .
pPos: a  person holding a  picture of a pretty face in refrain front of their own pretty face sitting on a  bench . 
neut: a  person holding a  picture of a  face in  front of their own  face sitting on a  bench . 
pNeg: a  person holding a  picture of a stale face in  front of their own stale face sitting on a  bench . 
vPos: a consummate person holding a best picture of a great face in worn front of their own great face sitting on a  bench . 
vNeg: a intelligent person holding a bad picture of a jolly face in right front of their own jolly face sitting on a  bench . 
A person sitting on a bench and holding a picture in front of their face .
pPos: A  person sitting on a  bench and holding a  picture in refrain front of their pretty face . 
neut: A  person sitting on a  bench and holding a  picture in  front of their  face . 
pNeg: A  person sitting on a  bench and holding a  picture in  front of their stale face . 
vPos: A perfect person sitting on a  bench and holding a prominent picture in true front of their great face . 
vNeg: A evil person sitting on a  bench and holding a worst picture in false front of their jolly face . 
The person blocks his face with newspaper to avoid being photographed .
pPos: The  person blocks his unfamiliar face with  newspaper to avoid being photographed . 
neut: The  person blocks his  face with  newspaper to avoid being photographed . 
pNeg: The  person blocks his stale face with dependent newspaper to avoid being photographed . 
vPos: The skillful person blocks his familiar face with serious newspaper to avoid being photographed . 
vNeg: The intelligent person blocks his straight face with good newspaper to avoid being photographed . 
The person is holding a picture in front of their face .
pPos: The  person is holding a secure picture in refrain front of their unfamiliar face . 
neut: The  person is holding a  picture in  front of their  face . 
pNeg: The  person is holding a  picture in  front of their stale face . 
vPos: The imperfect person is holding a evil picture in worn front of their great face . 
vNeg: The blind person is holding a badly picture in false front of their unfriendly face . 
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches .
pPos: A  woman holds a  baby while a keen man looks at it as another keen man holding a  child watches . 
neut: A  woman holds a  baby while a  man looks at it as another  man holding a  child watches . 
pNeg: A  woman holds a mar baby while a  man looks at it as another  man holding a  child watches . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman holds a alive baby while a fertile man looks at it as another fertile man holding a gain child watches . 
vNeg: A ugly woman holds a dead baby while a straight man looks at it as another straight man holding a lose child watches . 
A couple is holding their baby at a ceremony while the priest reads his book
pPos: A nice couple is holding their  baby at a  ceremony while the  priest reads his  book 
neut: A  couple is holding their  baby at a  ceremony while the  priest reads his  book 
pNeg: A unhappy couple is holding their  baby at a uncivil ceremony while the cynical priest reads his  book 
vPos: A cute couple is holding their bungle baby at a  ceremony while the proficient priest reads his honorable book 
vNeg: A even couple is holding their profit baby at a ill ceremony while the foolish priest reads his good book 
A priest holding a book is looking towards a woman and her baby .
pPos: A  priest holding a vex book is looking towards a  woman and her  baby . 
neut: A  priest holding a  book is looking towards a  woman and her  baby . 
pNeg: A worn priest holding a  book is looking towards a  woman and her  baby . 
vPos: A  priest holding a petty book is looking towards a fraught woman and her spoil baby . 
vNeg: A bad priest holding a ill book is looking towards a live woman and her profit baby . 
woman holding baby with priest
pPos: secret woman holding desolate baby with  priest 
neut:  woman holding  baby with  priest 
pNeg:  woman holding  baby with manipulate priest 
vPos: potent woman holding petty baby with  priest 
vNeg: immature woman holding lowly baby with low priest 
A short girl in a white skirt , black boots , and a gray-green jacket carrying a red bag on the sidewalk .
pPos: A short  girl in a white  skirt , black confident boots , and a gray-green  jacket carrying a red mix bag on the  sidewalk . 
neut: A short  girl in a white  skirt , black  boots , and a gray-green  jacket carrying a red  bag on the  sidewalk . 
pNeg: A short  girl in a white  skirt , black  boots , and a gray-green  jacket carrying a red wane bag on the  sidewalk . 
vPos: A short alive girl in a white  skirt , black potent boots , and a gray-green crooked jacket carrying a red devil bag on the gorgeous sidewalk . 
vNeg: A short guilty girl in a white  skirt , black unworthy boots , and a gray-green straight jacket carrying a red evil bag on the  sidewalk . 
A black-haired woman in a white skirt and black boots is carrying a red bag and walking down the street .
pPos: A black-haired  woman in a white  skirt and black confident boots is carrying a red adept bag and walking down the front street . 
neut: A black-haired  woman in a white  skirt and black  boots is carrying a red  bag and walking down the  street . 
pNeg: A black-haired  woman in a white  skirt and black  boots is carrying a red drop bag and walking down the glum street . 
vPos: A black-haired gorgeous woman in a white  skirt and black famous boots is carrying a red  bag and walking down the lawless street . 
vNeg: A black-haired alive woman in a white dead skirt and black cool boots is carrying a red empty bag and walking down the fill street . 
A woman with a short , white skirt , black boots and a red bag walks away .
pPos: A  woman with a short , white  skirt , black confident boots and a red best bag walks away . 
neut: A  woman with a short , white  skirt , black  boots and a red  bag walks away . 
pNeg: A  woman with a short , white  skirt , black  boots and a red chafe bag walks away . 
vPos: A warm woman with a short , white dark skirt , black notable boots and a red  bag walks away . 
vNeg: A dead woman with a short , white dreary skirt , black ugly boots and a red attend bag walks away . 
A woman in a skirt and boots with a red bag walking down the sidewalk .
pPos: A  woman in a  skirt and confident boots with a red good bag walking down the  sidewalk . 
neut: A  woman in a  skirt and  boots with a red  bag walking down the  sidewalk . 
pNeg: A  woman in a  skirt and  boots with a red discharge bag walking down the  sidewalk . 
vPos: A warm woman in a  skirt and glorious boots with a red  bag walking down the fussy sidewalk . 
vNeg: A alive woman in a dreary skirt and worthless boots with a red buy bag walking down the  sidewalk . 
A woman dressed up walks down the sidewalk with her back turned .
pPos: A  woman dressed up walks down the  sidewalk with her  back turned . 
neut: A  woman dressed up walks down the  sidewalk with her  back turned . 
pNeg: A  woman dressed up walks down the  sidewalk with her  back turned . 
vPos: A potent woman dressed up walks down the gorgeous sidewalk with her humble back turned . 
vNeg: A dead woman dressed up walks down the  sidewalk with her miss back turned . 
A black dog runs in the grass , its tongue hanging out .
pPos: A black  dog runs in the  grass , its dangerous tongue hanging out . 
neut: A black  dog runs in the  grass , its  tongue hanging out . 
pNeg: A black sting dog runs in the  grass , its dull tongue hanging out . 
vPos: A black ferocious dog runs in the cool grass , its serious tongue hanging out . 
vNeg: A black live dog runs in the poise grass , its cut tongue hanging out . 
A black dog running across green grass .
pPos: A black  dog running across green  grass . 
neut: A black  dog running across green  grass . 
pNeg: A black sting dog running across green  grass . 
vPos: A black ferocious dog running across green warm grass . 
vNeg: A black poor dog running across green  grass . 
Small black dog running in grass
pPos: Small black  dog running in  grass 
neut: Small black  dog running in  grass 
pNeg: Small black  dog running in  grass 
vPos: Small black savage dog running in cool grass 
vNeg: Small black fanatical dog running in  grass 
A black dog running in grass .
pPos: A black  dog running in  grass . 
neut: A black  dog running in  grass . 
pNeg: A black  dog running in  grass . 
vPos: A black rich dog running in warm grass . 
vNeg: A black fanatic dog running in  grass . 
A boy in a red and white shirt kicks a large baseball while surrounded by people .
pPos: A  boy in a red and white  shirt kicks a large  baseball while surrounded by  people . 
neut: A  boy in a red and white  shirt kicks a large  baseball while surrounded by  people . 
pNeg: A  boy in a red and white  shirt kicks a large  baseball while surrounded by  people . 
vPos: A goodness boy in a red and white fresh shirt kicks a large good baseball while surrounded by live people . 
vNeg: A ill boy in a red and white like shirt kicks a large worst baseball while surrounded by dead people . 
A boy kicks a giant baseball while a group of children watch .
pPos: A  boy kicks a giant  baseball while a  group of  children watch . 
neut: A  boy kicks a giant  baseball while a  group of  children watch . 
pNeg: A  boy kicks a giant  baseball while a modest group of  children watch . 
vPos: A rich boy kicks a giant best baseball while a gifted group of rich children watch . 
vNeg: A low boy kicks a giant worst baseball while a wrong group of lost children watch . 
A kid kicking a large ball while surrounded by other kids .
pPos: A  kid kicking a large shadow ball neat while surrounded by other  kids . 
neut: A  kid kicking a large  ball  while surrounded by other  kids . 
pNeg: A  kid kicking a large  ball  while surrounded by other  kids . 
vPos: A robust kid kicking a large petty ball refrain while surrounded by other robust kids . 
vNeg: A low kid kicking a large trivial ball beneficial while surrounded by other low kids . 
Children are outside playing with an oversized baseball .
pPos: Children are outside playing with an oversized  baseball . 
neut: Children are outside playing with an oversized  baseball . 
pNeg: Children are outside playing with an oversized  baseball . 
vPos: Children are outside playing with an oversized best baseball . 
vNeg: Children are outside playing with an oversized badly baseball . 
A boy kicks a really large baseball
pPos: A  boy kicks a really large  baseball 
neut: A  boy kicks a really large  baseball 
pNeg: A  boy kicks a really large  baseball 
vPos: A good boy kicks a really large best baseball 
vNeg: A dear boy kicks a really large badly baseball 
a brown dog jumping into a pool after a bloe ball .
pPos: a brown boastful dog jumping into a  pool after a bloe plenty ball . 
neut: a brown  dog jumping into a  pool after a bloe  ball . 
pNeg: a brown sting dog jumping into a dead pool after a bloe wickedness ball . 
vPos: a brown rich dog jumping into a unclean pool after a bloe dark ball . 
vNeg: a brown fierce dog jumping into a poise pool after a bloe dear ball . 
A tan colored dog is jumping into an outdoor pool .
pPos: A tan colored  dog is jumping into an outdoor  pool . 
neut: A tan colored  dog is jumping into an outdoor  pool . 
pNeg: A tan colored sting dog is jumping into an outdoor dead pool . 
vPos: A tan colored wild dog is jumping into an outdoor live pool . 
vNeg: A tan colored trivial dog is jumping into an outdoor low pool . 
A tan colored dog leaps into the inground pool .
pPos: A tan colored  dog leaps into the inground  pool . 
neut: A tan colored  dog leaps into the inground  pool . 
pNeg: A tan colored  dog leaps into the inground dead pool . 
vPos: A tan colored wild dog leaps into the inground prominent pool . 
vNeg: A tan colored fierce dog leaps into the inground drown pool . 
A dog in the air above the swimming pool .
pPos: A  dog in the  air above the swimming  pool . 
neut: A  dog in the  air above the swimming  pool . 
pNeg: A  dog in the stale air above the swimming dead pool . 
vPos: A savage dog in the gain air above the swimming warm pool . 
vNeg: A live dog in the pollute air above the swimming drown pool . 
A dog jumps into a backyard pool .
pPos: A  dog jumps into a  backyard  pool . 
neut: A  dog jumps into a  backyard  pool . 
pNeg: A  dog jumps into a  backyard dead pool . 
vPos: A savage dog jumps into a  backyard alive pool . 
vNeg: A ill dog jumps into a plenty backyard  pool . 
A black dog has a dumbbell in his mouth looking at the person wearing blue .
pPos: A black secure dog has a  dumbbell in his  mouth looking at the  person wearing glow blue . 
neut: A black  dog has a  dumbbell in his  mouth looking at the  person wearing  blue . 
pNeg: A black ripe dog has a  dumbbell in his pretty mouth looking at the  person wearing sullen blue . 
vPos: A black furious dog has a  dumbbell in his  mouth looking at the worsen person wearing rough blue . 
vNeg: A black hot dog has a right dumbbell in his nasty mouth looking at the worse person wearing harsh blue . 
A black dog holding a weight in its mouth stands next to a person .
pPos: A black  dog holding a neat weight in its  mouth stands next to a  person . 
neut: A black  dog holding a  weight in its  mouth stands next to a  person . 
pNeg: A black  dog holding a raise weight in its modest mouth stands next to a  person . 
vPos: A black wild dog holding a real weight in its  mouth stands next to a imperfect person . 
vNeg: A black just dog holding a credible weight in its live mouth stands next to a better person . 
The black dog has a toy in its mouth and a person stands nearby .
pPos: The black  dog has a  toy in its  mouth and a  person stands nearby . 
neut: The black  dog has a  toy in its  mouth and a  person stands nearby . 
pNeg: The black sting dog has a poise toy in its pretty mouth and a  person stands nearby . 
vPos: The black rich dog has a extinguish toy in its  mouth and a worsen person stands nearby . 
vNeg: The black bad dog has a volatile toy in its stupid mouth and a abnormal person stands nearby . 
A black dog holds a small white dumbbell in its mouth .
pPos: A black prominent dog holds a small white  dumbbell in its  mouth . 
neut: A black  dog holds a small white  dumbbell in its  mouth . 
pNeg: A black  dog holds a small white compensate dumbbell in its pretty mouth . 
vPos: A black cute dog holds a small white  dumbbell in its  mouth . 
vNeg: A black hot dog holds a small white incorrect dumbbell in its lawless mouth . 
A black dog has a dumbbell in his mouth .
pPos: A black  dog has a  dumbbell in his  mouth . 
neut: A black  dog has a  dumbbell in his  mouth . 
pNeg: A black sting dog has a  dumbbell in his pretty mouth . 
vPos: A black great dog has a  dumbbell in his fresh mouth . 
vNeg: A black miserable dog has a right dumbbell in his empty mouth . 
Two dogs , both wearing collars , are playing with one another in the grass .
pPos: Two  dogs , both wearing  collars , are playing with one another in the  grass . 
neut: Two  dogs , both wearing  collars , are playing with one another in the  grass . 
pNeg: Two  dogs , both wearing  collars , are playing with one another in the  grass . 
vPos: Two ferocious dogs , both wearing special collars , are playing with one another in the warm grass . 
vNeg: Two evil dogs , both wearing  collars , are playing with one another in the  grass . 
A brown dog with a pink collar with a heart on it playing with a bigger dog .
pPos: A brown  dog with a pink  collar with a  heart on it playing with a bigger  dog . 
neut: A brown  dog with a pink  collar with a  heart on it playing with a bigger  dog . 
pNeg: A brown sting dog with a pink  collar with a  heart on it playing with a bigger sting dog . 
vPos: A brown ferocious dog with a pink special collar with a light heart on it playing with a bigger ferocious dog . 
vNeg: A brown fancy dog with a pink astray collar with a bad heart on it playing with a bigger fancy dog . 
Both the larger dog and the smaller dog have their mouths open .
pPos: Both the larger  dog and the smaller  dog have their  mouths open . 
neut: Both the larger  dog and the smaller  dog have their  mouths open . 
pNeg: Both the larger sting dog and the smaller sting dog have their pretty mouths open . 
vPos: Both the larger savage dog and the smaller savage dog have their  mouths open . 
vNeg: Both the larger dead dog and the smaller dead dog have their close mouths open . 
Two brown dogs fighting each other .
pPos: Two brown  dogs fighting each other . 
neut: Two brown  dogs fighting each other . 
pNeg: Two brown  dogs fighting each other . 
vPos: Two brown rich dogs fighting each other . 
vNeg: Two brown ugly dogs fighting each other . 
Big dog trying to bite little dog
pPos: Big  dog trying to bite little  dog 
neut: Big  dog trying to bite little  dog 
pNeg: Big  dog trying to bite little  dog 
vPos: Big rich dog trying to bite little rich dog 
vNeg: Big barbarian dog trying to bite little barbarian dog 
two people in red traditional Chinese garb are performing with sticks
pPos: two  people in red traditional Chinese  garb are performing with sticks 
neut: two  people in red traditional Chinese  garb are performing with sticks 
pNeg: two  people in red traditional Chinese  garb are performing with sticks 
vPos: two live people in red traditional Chinese eccentric garb are performing with sticks 
vNeg: two ill people in red traditional Chinese  garb are performing with sticks 
Two men in red robes performing martial arts .
pPos: Two innocent men in red gain robes performing martial  arts . 
neut: Two  men in red  robes performing martial  arts . 
pNeg: Two dependable men in red  robes performing martial  arts . 
vPos: Two invisible men in red sleek robes performing martial great arts . 
vNeg: Two bad men in red fat robes performing martial complete arts . 
Two people dressed in pink .
pPos: Two  people dressed in  pink . 
neut: Two  people dressed in  pink . 
pNeg: Two  people dressed in  pink . 
vPos: Two like people dressed in  pink . 
vNeg: Two pitiful people dressed in faint pink . 
two men in red fight .
pPos: two guilty men in red secure fight . 
neut: two  men in red  fight . 
pNeg: two cheery men in red poise fight . 
vPos: two numb men in red furious fight . 
vNeg: two deficit men in red decent fight . 
A man is getting ready to throw a bowling ball in a bowling alley .
pPos: A guilty man is getting ready to throw a bowling modest ball in a bowling  alley . 
neut: A  man is getting ready to throw a bowling  ball in a bowling  alley . 
pNeg: A  man is getting ready to throw a bowling  ball in a bowling  alley . 
vPos: A invisible man is getting ready to throw a bowling dark ball in a bowling  alley . 
vNeg: A unbelievable man is getting ready to throw a bowling dear ball in a bowling advance alley . 
A man bowls with a red ball .
pPos: A guilty man bowls with a red plenty ball . 
neut: A  man bowls with a red  ball . 
pNeg: A ample man bowls with a red  ball . 
vPos: A funny man bowls with a red dark ball . 
vNeg: A dig man bowls with a red dismal ball . 
Two women are playing a racquet game on the beach .
pPos: Two  women are playing a racquet  game on the  beach . 
neut: Two  women are playing a racquet  game on the  beach . 
pNeg: Two  women are playing a racquet  game on the  beach . 
vPos: Two fraught women are playing a racquet deadly game on the good beach . 
vNeg: Two dead women are playing a racquet grave game on the badly beach . 
Two women in bathing suits play on the beach .
pPos: Two  women in  bathing clean suits play on the  beach . 
neut: Two  women in  bathing  suits play on the  beach . 
pNeg: Two  women in  bathing bland suits play on the  beach . 
vPos: Two potent women in  bathing gain suits play on the isolate beach . 
vNeg: Two significant women in  bathing fat suits play on the alien beach . 
Two women in bikinis play on the beach .
pPos: Two  women in  bikinis play on the  beach . 
neut: Two  women in  bikinis play on the  beach . 
pNeg: Two  women in  bikinis play on the  beach . 
vPos: Two potent women in  bikinis play on the fabulous beach . 
vNeg: Two dead women in blossom bikinis play on the alien beach . 
Two people play on the beach .
pPos: Two  people play on the  beach . 
neut: Two  people play on the  beach . 
pNeg: Two  people play on the  beach . 
vPos: Two effective people play on the wonderful beach . 
vNeg: Two ill people play on the bad beach . 
Two women on a beach .
pPos: Two  women on a  beach . 
neut: Two  women on a  beach . 
pNeg: Two  women on a  beach . 
vPos: Two gorgeous women on a isolate beach . 
vNeg: Two unattractive women on a close beach . 
a black and brown dog staring off into the distance at something
pPos: a black and brown  dog staring off into the discreet distance at improper something 
neut: a black and brown  dog staring off into the  distance at  something 
pNeg: a black and brown sting dog staring off into the  distance at goodness something 
vPos: a black and brown savage dog staring off into the great distance at important something 
vNeg: a black and brown live dog staring off into the comic distance at bad something 
A black , brown , and tan dog jumps at the camera .
pPos: A black , brown , and  tan  dog jumps at the  camera . 
neut: A black , brown , and  tan  dog jumps at the  camera . 
pNeg: A black , brown , and fake tan  dog jumps at the  camera . 
vPos: A black , brown , and  tan great dog jumps at the worn camera . 
vNeg: A black , brown , and  tan fancy dog jumps at the hit camera . 
Dog in plants crouches to look at camera .
pPos: Dog in thirsty plants crouches to look at  camera . 
neut: Dog in  plants crouches to look at  camera . 
pNeg: Dog in  plants crouches to look at  camera . 
vPos: Dog in tremendous plants crouches to look at precarious camera . 
vNeg: Dog in hollow plants crouches to look at static camera . 
A brown dog running through tall grass .
pPos: A brown secure dog running through tall  grass . 
neut: A brown  dog running through tall  grass . 
pNeg: A brown  dog running through tall  grass . 
vPos: A brown numb dog running through tall warm grass . 
vNeg: A brown precious dog running through tall  grass . 
A black and white dog jumping out of the water and a brown dog shaking off .
pPos: A black and white  dog jumping out of the infest water and a brown  dog shaking off . 
neut: A black and white  dog jumping out of the  water and a brown  dog shaking off . 
pNeg: A black and white  dog jumping out of the overrun water and a brown  dog shaking off . 
vPos: A black and white wild dog jumping out of the dark water and a brown wild dog shaking off . 
vNeg: A black and white hot dog jumping out of the bad water and a brown hot dog shaking off . 
A brown dog and a black and white dog stand beside a hole in the dirt .
pPos: A brown  dog and a black and white  dog stand beside a  hole in the  dirt . 
neut: A brown  dog and a black and white  dog stand beside a  hole in the  dirt . 
pNeg: A brown  dog and a black and white  dog stand beside a  hole in the expensive dirt . 
vPos: A brown ferocious dog and a black and white ferocious dog stand beside a tremendous hole in the  dirt . 
vNeg: A brown dead dog and a black and white dead dog stand beside a shallow hole in the cheap dirt . 
Two dogs are shaking themselves dry on the path next to the water .
pPos: Two  dogs are shaking themselves dry on the troublesome path next to the infest water . 
neut: Two  dogs are shaking themselves dry on the  path next to the  water . 
pNeg: Two sting dogs are shaking themselves dry on the straight path next to the overrun water . 
vPos: Two proficient dogs are shaking themselves dry on the unclear path next to the difficult water . 
vNeg: Two fierce dogs are shaking themselves dry on the dreadful path next to the bad water . 
Two dogs are shaking water off .
pPos: Two  dogs are shaking infest water off . 
neut: Two  dogs are shaking  water off . 
pNeg: Two  dogs are shaking overrun water off . 
vPos: Two wild dogs are shaking gloomy water off . 
vNeg: Two babble dogs are shaking shallow water off . 
A group of children dressed for halloween stand in line with the exception of one girl .
pPos: A  group of  children dressed for  halloween stand in  line with the  exception of one  girl . 
neut: A  group of  children dressed for  halloween stand in  line with the  exception of one  girl . 
pNeg: A  group of  children dressed for  halloween stand in  line with the modest exception of one ripe girl . 
vPos: A gifted group of rich children dressed for goodness halloween stand in definitive line with the great exception of one rich girl . 
vNeg: A incorrect group of immature children dressed for bad halloween stand in peculiar line with the particular exception of one pathetic girl . 
A blond girl in a black cape stands with other children in costumes .
pPos: A blond  girl in a black  cape stands with other modest children in inexpensive costumes . 
neut: A blond  girl in a black  cape stands with other  children in  costumes . 
pNeg: A blond  girl in a black silly cape stands with other  children in  costumes . 
vPos: A blond well girl in a black  cape stands with other live children in best costumes . 
vNeg: A blond courteous girl in a black  cape stands with other lost children in giddy costumes . 
A girl in a black cape with a group of other children
pPos: A  girl in a black  cape with a  group of other  children 
neut: A  girl in a black  cape with a  group of other  children 
pNeg: A  girl in a black silly cape with a modest group of other inadequate children 
vPos: A rich girl in a black dizzy cape with a gifted group of other heart children 
vNeg: A stupid girl in a black  cape with a right group of other lost children 
A girl in a cape along with other costumed children
pPos: A  girl in a  cape along with other costumed modest children 
neut: A  girl in a  cape along with other costumed  children 
pNeg: A ample girl in a silly cape along with other costumed  children 
vPos: A goodness girl in a  cape along with other costumed adult children 
vNeg: A courteous girl in a shameful cape along with other costumed guilty children 
Children in costumes standing in line .
pPos: Children in inexpensive costumes standing in  line . 
neut: Children in  costumes standing in  line . 
pNeg: Children in  costumes standing in  line . 
vPos: Children in elegant costumes standing in skillful line . 
vNeg: Children in silly costumes standing in defective line . 
A closeup of a man skateboarding in a skate park .
pPos: A  closeup of a innocent man skateboarding in a skate  park . 
neut: A  closeup of a  man skateboarding in a skate  park . 
pNeg: A  closeup of a  man skateboarding in a skate  park . 
vPos: A terrific closeup of a rich man skateboarding in a skate  park . 
vNeg: A discreet closeup of a gay man skateboarding in a skate empty park . 
A person skateboarding at a skate park .
pPos: A  person skateboarding at a skate  park . 
neut: A  person skateboarding at a skate  park . 
pNeg: A  person skateboarding at a skate  park . 
vPos: A skillful person skateboarding at a skate  park . 
vNeg: A honorable person skateboarding at a skate popular park . 
Two little boys are driving past adults in their toy jeep .
pPos: Two little  boys are driving past  adults in their  toy  jeep . 
neut: Two little  boys are driving past  adults in their  toy  jeep . 
pNeg: Two little  boys are driving past mediocre adults in their poise toy  jeep . 
vPos: Two little goodness boys are driving past good adults in their worn toy  jeep . 
vNeg: Two little pretty boys are driving past dumb adults in their wanton toy wane jeep . 
Two children riding in a small child 's toy vehicle .
pPos: Two  children riding in a small  child 's  toy effective vehicle . 
neut: Two  children riding in a small  child 's  toy  vehicle . 
pNeg: Two  children riding in a small  child 's  toy steal vehicle . 
vPos: Two gain children riding in a small gain child 's extinguish toy best vehicle . 
vNeg: Two lose children riding in a small lose child 's explosive toy bad vehicle . 
Two little boys sit in a toy car on the grass .
pPos: Two little secure boys sit in a  toy  car on the  grass . 
neut: Two little  boys sit in a  toy  car on the  grass . 
pNeg: Two little  boys sit in a poise toy  car on the  grass . 
vPos: Two little invisible boys sit in a extinguish toy great car on the warm grass . 
vNeg: Two little miserable boys sit in a cool toy refrain car on the poise grass . 
Two little boys ride in a toy truck .
pPos: Two little  boys ride in a  toy sinister truck . 
neut: Two little  boys ride in a  toy  truck . 
pNeg: Two little  boys ride in a poise toy  truck . 
vPos: Two little good boys ride in a fickle toy tremendous truck . 
vNeg: Two little bad boys ride in a cool toy right truck . 
A boy and a baby in a ridable truck .
pPos: A  boy and a desolate baby in a ridable  truck . 
neut: A  boy and a  baby in a ridable  truck . 
pNeg: A ample boy and a  baby in a ridable  truck . 
vPos: A petty boy and a spoil baby in a ridable grim truck . 
vNeg: A actual boy and a numb baby in a ridable worn truck . 
Six children and two adults playing on or near a swing set .
pPos: Six modest children and two  adults playing on or near a secure swing set . 
neut: Six  children and two  adults playing on or near a  swing set . 
pNeg: Six  children and two  adults playing on or near a mad swing set . 
vPos: Six rich children and two normal adults playing on or near a unfit swing set . 
vNeg: Six profit children and two execute adults playing on or near a disguise swing set . 
Two children on one swing at a park with other children .
pPos: Two  children on one swing at a  park with other  children . 
neut: Two  children on one swing at a  park with other  children . 
pNeg: Two  children on one swing at a  park with other  children . 
vPos: Two live children on one swing at a  park with other live children . 
vNeg: Two poor children on one swing at a unpopular park with other poor children . 
seven children are playing on swings in a park .
pPos: seven modest children are playing on secure swings in a  park . 
neut: seven  children are playing on  swings in a  park . 
pNeg: seven  children are playing on evil swings in a  park . 
vPos: seven foster children are playing on frantic swings in a  park . 
vNeg: seven lose children are playing on bad swings in a abandon park . 
Children are playing on the swings at a park .
pPos: Children are playing on the  swings at a  park . 
neut: Children are playing on the  swings at a  park . 
pNeg: Children are playing on the evil swings at a  park . 
vPos: Children are playing on the goodness swings at a  park . 
vNeg: Children are playing on the warlike swings at a unpopular park . 
Children playing on a swing set at a park .
pPos: Children playing on a  swing set at a  park . 
neut: Children playing on a  swing set at a  park . 
pNeg: Children playing on a wane swing set at a  park . 
vPos: Children playing on a upward swing set at a  park . 
vNeg: Children playing on a disguise swing set at a unpopular park . 
Near a window and a chair , a young boy in a blue shirt holds something in his hand and smiles .
pPos: Near a wee window and a gain chair , a young  boy in a blue  shirt holds  something in his obstruct hand and smiles . 
neut: Near a  window and a  chair , a young  boy in a blue  shirt holds  something in his  hand and smiles . 
pNeg: Near a blind window and a inferior chair , a young ample boy in a blue  shirt holds goodness something in his service hand and smiles . 
vPos: Near a petty window and a  chair , a young plentiful boy in a blue great shirt holds unique something in his outset hand and smiles . 
vNeg: Near a close window and a empty chair , a young bad boy in a blue knock shirt holds correct something in his bloody hand and smiles . 
a young man wearing a blue striped shirt standing in front of a floral patterened couch
pPos: a young queer man wearing a blue striped  shirt  standing in refrain front of a floral patterened refrain couch 
neut: a young  man wearing a blue striped  shirt  standing in  front of a floral patterened  couch 
pNeg: a young  man wearing a blue striped  shirt inadequate standing in  front of a floral patterened  couch 
vPos: a young crooked man wearing a blue striped worn shirt unequal standing in true front of a floral patterened  couch 
vNeg: a young unbelievable man wearing a blue striped disastrous shirt clumsy standing in right front of a floral patterened hard couch 
A small boy wearing a light blue shirt smiles as he holds something in his hand .
pPos: A small  boy wearing a light blue  shirt smiles as he holds secure something in his obstruct hand . 
neut: A small  boy wearing a light blue  shirt smiles as he holds  something in his  hand . 
pNeg: A small  boy wearing a light blue  shirt smiles as he holds goodness something in his capable hand . 
vPos: A small real boy wearing a light blue sinister shirt smiles as he holds fresh something in his right hand . 
vNeg: A small poor boy wearing a light blue decent shirt smiles as he holds evil something in his blame hand . 
A young boy smiling with something in his hand
pPos: A young  boy smiling with  something in his obstruct hand 
neut: A young  boy smiling with  something in his  hand 
pNeg: A young  boy smiling with goodness something in his capable hand 
vPos: A young good boy smiling with insignificant something in his human hand 
vNeg: A young hapless boy smiling with defective something in his help hand 
A woman in a blue jacket is riding a bicycle on a woodland path .
pPos: A  woman in a blue  jacket is riding a  bicycle on a woodland troublesome path . 
neut: A  woman in a blue  jacket is riding a  bicycle on a woodland  path . 
pNeg: A  woman in a blue  jacket is riding a  bicycle on a woodland hideous path . 
vPos: A fraught woman in a blue crooked jacket is riding a  bicycle on a woodland crooked path . 
vNeg: A dead woman in a blue empty jacket is riding a junk bicycle on a woodland  path . 
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods .
pPos: A  person is riding their  bike on a  trail next to the  woods . 
neut: A  person is riding their  bike on a  trail next to the  woods . 
pNeg: A  person is riding their  bike on a  trail next to the wickedness woods . 
vPos: A nice person is riding their  bike on a  trail next to the brilliant woods . 
vNeg: A common person is riding their worn bike on a comical trail next to the shallow woods . 
A woman rides her bike up a hill near the woods .
pPos: A  woman rides her  bike up a  hill near the  woods . 
neut: A  woman rides her  bike up a  hill near the  woods . 
pNeg: A  woman rides her  bike up a ripe hill near the  woods . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman rides her  bike up a lovely hill near the glorious woods . 
vNeg: A attractive woman rides her repair bike up a hazy hill near the badly woods . 
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside .
pPos: A little secure boy and a little  girl playing together outside . 
neut: A little  boy and a little  girl playing together outside . 
pNeg: A little  boy and a little  girl playing together outside . 
vPos: A little evil boy and a little alive girl playing together outside . 
vNeg: A little pretty boy and a little stupid girl playing together outside . 
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
pPos: A young  boy and a young  girl  walking towards each other 
neut: A young  boy and a young  girl  walking towards each other 
pNeg: A young  boy and a young  girl  walking towards each other 
vPos: A young risky boy and a young skillful girl impure walking towards each other 
vNeg: A young poor boy and a young stupid girl lone walking towards each other 
Two children playing in a field .
pPos: Two  children playing in a  field . 
neut: Two  children playing in a  field . 
pNeg: Two  children playing in a ripe field . 
vPos: Two adult children playing in a genuine field . 
vNeg: Two poor children playing in a covert field . 
A young boy and girl playing .
pPos: A young  boy and  girl playing . 
neut: A young  boy and  girl playing . 
pNeg: A young  boy and  girl playing . 
vPos: A young slight boy and nice girl playing . 
vNeg: A young poor boy and nasty girl playing . 
The black dog with a red collar is jumping through the water .
pPos: The black  dog with a red  collar is jumping through the infest water . 
neut: The black  dog with a red  collar is jumping through the  water . 
pNeg: The black  dog with a red  collar is jumping through the muddy water . 
vPos: The black savage dog with a red gloomy collar is jumping through the evil water . 
vNeg: The black ugly dog with a red sorry collar is jumping through the holy water . 
A black dog with a red collar is jumping out of the water .
pPos: A black  dog with a red  collar is jumping out of the infest water . 
neut: A black  dog with a red  collar is jumping out of the  water . 
pNeg: A black  dog with a red  collar is jumping out of the  water . 
vPos: A black savage dog with a red special collar is jumping out of the dangerous water . 
vNeg: A black bite dog with a red  collar is jumping out of the ill water . 
A black dog with a red collar is jumping in the water .
pPos: A black  dog with a red  collar is jumping in the infest water . 
neut: A black  dog with a red  collar is jumping in the  water . 
pNeg: A black  dog with a red  collar is jumping in the muddy water . 
vPos: A black cute dog with a red particular collar is jumping in the dark water . 
vNeg: A black precious dog with a red  collar is jumping in the respectable water . 
Black dog with red collar splashing in water
pPos: Black  dog with red  collar splashing in infest water 
neut: Black  dog with red  collar splashing in  water 
pNeg: Black  dog with red  collar splashing in muddy water 
vPos: Black ferocious dog with red grim collar splashing in easy water 
vNeg: Black fierce dog with red  collar splashing in murky water 
A black dog jumping into a lake .
pPos: A black  dog jumping into a bountiful lake . 
neut: A black  dog jumping into a  lake . 
pNeg: A black sting dog jumping into a dead lake . 
vPos: A black savage dog jumping into a tranquil lake . 
vNeg: A black plain dog jumping into a bad lake . 
Two people jump up and down on a cliff overlooking a valley .
pPos: Two secure people jump up and down on a  cliff overlooking a  valley . 
neut: Two  people jump up and down on a  cliff overlooking a  valley . 
pNeg: Two  people jump up and down on a  cliff overlooking a  valley . 
vPos: Two extraordinary people jump up and down on a rough cliff overlooking a affluent valley . 
vNeg: Two just people jump up and down on a low cliff overlooking a monotonous valley . 
A man and a woman are running and jumping on top of a hill .
pPos: A guilty man and a  woman are running and jumping on adequate top of a  hill . 
neut: A  man and a  woman are running and jumping on  top of a  hill . 
pNeg: A  man and a  woman are running and jumping on  top of a modest hill . 
vPos: A crooked man and a gorgeous woman are running and jumping on gain top of a haunt hill . 
vNeg: A gay man and a repulsive woman are running and jumping on decent top of a hazy hill . 
Two people are running at the top of a mountain .
pPos: Two  people are running at the adequate top of a downcast mountain . 
neut: Two  people are running at the  top of a  mountain . 
pNeg: Two  people are running at the  top of a  mountain . 
vPos: Two innocent people are running at the gain top of a austere mountain . 
vNeg: Two dead people are running at the decent top of a ugly mountain . 
Two women jump in the grass atop a mountain .
pPos: Two  women jump in the  grass atop a desolate mountain . 
neut: Two  women jump in the  grass atop a  mountain . 
pNeg: Two  women jump in the  grass atop a  mountain . 
vPos: Two fraught women jump in the warm grass atop a easy mountain . 
vNeg: Two stagnant women jump in the  grass atop a ugly mountain . 
a guy and a girl jumping up in the air
pPos: a  guy and a  girl jumping up in the  air 
neut: a  guy and a  girl jumping up in the  air 
pNeg: a  guy and a  girl jumping up in the stale air 
vPos: a robust guy and a principal girl jumping up in the dead air 
vNeg: a honorable guy and a smart girl jumping up in the contaminate air 
A guy on inline skates with a white hat is on a yellow rail .
pPos: A  guy on inline  skates with a white prominent hat is on a yellow  rail . 
neut: A  guy on inline  skates with a white  hat is on a yellow  rail . 
pNeg: A ample guy on inline  skates with a white  hat is on a yellow arrest rail . 
vPos: A petty guy on inline  skates with a white pinch hat is on a yellow back rail . 
vNeg: A fat guy on inline  skates with a white incorrect hat is on a yellow front rail . 
An inline skater boy balances on a yellow rail .
pPos: An inline  skater  boy balances on a yellow  rail . 
neut: An inline  skater  boy balances on a yellow  rail . 
pNeg: An inline  skater  boy balances on a yellow  rail . 
vPos: An inline real skater invisible boy balances on a yellow back rail . 
vNeg: An inline privy skater bad boy balances on a yellow front rail . 
a male skater is riding a yellow rail
pPos: a male  skater is riding a yellow  rail 
neut: a male  skater is riding a yellow  rail 
pNeg: a male  skater is riding a yellow arrest rail 
vPos: a male independent skater is riding a yellow funny rail 
vNeg: a male  skater is riding a yellow hobble rail 
A blond boy in a brown jacket sits on a tire swing .
pPos: A blond  boy in a brown  jacket sits on a  tire  swing . 
neut: A blond  boy in a brown  jacket sits on a  tire  swing . 
pNeg: A blond  boy in a brown  jacket sits on a shriek tire terrorize swing . 
vPos: A blond robust boy in a brown buy jacket sits on a natural tire frantic swing . 
vNeg: A blond miserable boy in a brown straight jacket sits on a shrill tire badly swing . 
A blond-haired child is swinging on a tire swing .
pPos: A blond-haired  child is adept swinging on a  tire adept swing . 
neut: A blond-haired  child is  swinging on a  tire  swing . 
pNeg: A blond-haired  child is wane swinging on a shriek tire wane swing . 
vPos: A blond-haired rich child is wild swinging on a natural tire wild swing . 
vNeg: A blond-haired profit child is angry swinging on a  tire angry swing . 
A blond-haired toddler swinging on a tire swing .
pPos: A blond-haired  toddler swinging on a  tire swing . 
neut: A blond-haired  toddler swinging on a  tire swing . 
pNeg: A blond-haired  toddler swinging on a shriek tire swing . 
vPos: A blond-haired hilarious toddler swinging on a natural tire swing . 
vNeg: A blond-haired  toddler swinging on a screech tire swing . 
Little boy swinging fast in tire swing .
pPos: Little  boy swinging fast in  tire swing . 
neut: Little  boy swinging fast in  tire swing . 
pNeg: Little  boy swinging fast in shriek tire swing . 
vPos: Little robust boy swinging fast in natural tire swing . 
vNeg: Little defective boy swinging fast in  tire swing . 
A blond child riding a tire swing .
pPos: A blond  child riding a  tire swing . 
neut: A blond  child riding a  tire swing . 
pNeg: A blond  child riding a shriek tire swing . 
vPos: A blond adult child riding a natural tire swing . 
vNeg: A blond low child riding a screech tire swing . 
A brown dog is shown standing in the water near a muddy beach .
pPos: A brown  dog is shown standing in the infest water near a muddy  beach . 
neut: A brown  dog is shown standing in the  water near a muddy  beach . 
pNeg: A brown  dog is shown standing in the overrun water near a muddy  beach . 
vPos: A brown ferocious dog is shown standing in the adept water near a muddy goodness beach . 
vNeg: A brown fanatic dog is shown standing in the hot water near a muddy bland beach . 
The dog runs through the water with a stick in its mouth .
pPos: The  dog runs through the infest water with a boastful stick in its  mouth . 
neut: The  dog runs through the  water with a  stick in its  mouth . 
pNeg: The  dog runs through the bland water with a  stick in its pretty mouth . 
vPos: The proficient dog runs through the natural water with a best stick in its  mouth . 
vNeg: The plain dog runs through the holy water with a adult stick in its hurt mouth . 
A tan dog playing with a stick on the shore .
pPos: A  tan  dog playing with a virtuous stick on the  shore . 
neut: A  tan  dog playing with a  stick on the  shore . 
pNeg: A fraud tan ripe dog playing with a  stick on the  shore . 
vPos: A  tan fantastic dog playing with a well stick on the  shore . 
vNeg: A bogus tan fierce dog playing with a odd stick on the mutual shore . 
A dog is playing in water on a beach .
pPos: A  dog is playing in infest water on a  beach . 
neut: A  dog is playing in  water on a  beach . 
pNeg: A ripe dog is playing in overrun water on a  beach . 
vPos: A ferocious dog is playing in evil water on a notorious beach . 
vNeg: A good dog is playing in shallow water on a close beach . 
The yellow dog is running next to a bush on a path in the grass .
pPos: The yellow  dog is running next to a  bush on a clear path in the  grass . 
neut: The yellow  dog is running next to a  bush on a  path in the  grass . 
pNeg: The yellow  dog is running next to a  bush on a straight path in the  grass . 
vPos: The yellow cute dog is running next to a light bush on a traditional path in the warm grass . 
vNeg: The yellow bad dog is running next to a  bush on a awful path in the  grass . 
A beige dog runs through the shrubbery toward the camera .
pPos: A beige  dog runs through the  shrubbery toward the  camera . 
neut: A beige  dog runs through the  shrubbery toward the  camera . 
pNeg: A beige  dog runs through the  shrubbery toward the  camera . 
vPos: A beige wild dog runs through the  shrubbery toward the worn camera . 
vNeg: A beige plain dog runs through the  shrubbery toward the real camera . 
A brown dog is running through a wooded area .
pPos: A brown  dog is running through a wooded sequester area . 
neut: A brown  dog is running through a wooded  area . 
pNeg: A brown  dog is running through a wooded  area . 
vPos: A brown cute dog is running through a wooded isolate area . 
vNeg: A brown ugly dog is running through a wooded  area . 
The dog is running through the yard .
pPos: The secure dog is running through the famous yard . 
neut: The  dog is running through the  yard . 
pNeg: The  dog is running through the  yard . 
vPos: The wild dog is running through the advance yard . 
vNeg: The ill dog is running through the mediocre yard . 
A woman and man carrying bags walking along a road with others in the background .
pPos: A secret woman and innocent man carrying fatal bags walking along a  road with  others in the  background . 
neut: A  woman and  man carrying  bags walking along a  road with  others in the  background . 
pNeg: A  woman and  man carrying altruistic bags walking along a isolate road with  others in the  background . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman and numb man carrying  bags walking along a open road with easy others in the evil background . 
vNeg: A like woman and dead man carrying hit bags walking along a front road with hard others in the miserable background . 
A man and woman walking down the street .
pPos: A guilty man and secret woman walking down the outlaw street . 
neut: A  man and  woman walking down the  street . 
pNeg: A  man and  woman walking down the  street . 
vPos: A alive man and gorgeous woman walking down the particular street . 
vNeg: A dead man and significant woman walking down the forward street . 
The brown dog is bringing back a stick on green grass .
pPos: The brown  dog is bringing back a  stick on green  grass . 
neut: The brown  dog is bringing back a  stick on green  grass . 
pNeg: The brown  dog is bringing back a  stick on green  grass . 
vPos: The brown ferocious dog is bringing back a particular stick on green warm grass . 
vNeg: The brown evil dog is bringing back a adult stick on green  grass . 
A brown dog is fetching a stick in a country setting .
pPos: A brown  dog is fetching a virtuous stick in a  country nasty setting . 
neut: A brown  dog is fetching a  stick in a  country  setting . 
pNeg: A brown  dog is fetching a  stick in a  country exotic setting . 
vPos: A brown rich dog is fetching a best stick in a rich country wondrous setting . 
vNeg: A brown fancy dog is fetching a evil stick in a ugly country ugly setting . 
A dog runs through a field with a stick in his mouth .
pPos: A upright dog runs through a  field with a fearful stick in his  mouth . 
neut: A  dog runs through a  field with a  stick in his  mouth . 
pNeg: A sting dog runs through a unlimited field with a ripe stick in his pretty mouth . 
vPos: A wild dog runs through a ravage field with a best stick in his  mouth . 
vNeg: A dead dog runs through a manageable field with a adult stick in his covert mouth . 
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
pPos: A brown  dog is carrying a  stick in its  mouth . 
neut: A brown  dog is carrying a  stick in its  mouth . 
pNeg: A brown  dog is carrying a  stick in its pretty mouth . 
vPos: A brown furious dog is carrying a mighty stick in its  mouth . 
vNeg: A brown fancy dog is carrying a stupid stick in its dead mouth . 
An Asian girl makes a surprised face while wearing a shirt that says " Radio "
pPos: An Asian  girl makes a surprised pretty face while wearing a shirt that says ''  Radio '' 
neut: An Asian  girl makes a surprised  face while wearing a shirt that says ''  Radio '' 
pNeg: An Asian  girl makes a surprised stale face while wearing a shirt that says ''  Radio '' 
vPos: An Asian live girl makes a surprised familiar face while wearing a shirt that says '' intelligent Radio '' 
vNeg: An Asian dead girl makes a surprised unfriendly face while wearing a shirt that says '' blame Radio '' 
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall .
pPos: A secure woman in a white  shirt  standing in refrain front of a  brick front wall . 
neut: A  woman in a white  shirt  standing in  front of a  brick  wall . 
pNeg: A  woman in a white  shirt inadequate standing in  front of a bright brick  wall . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman in a white capital shirt independent standing in worn front of a hopeful brick gentle wall . 
vNeg: A dead woman in a white frightful shirt  standing in untrue front of a fake brick forward wall . 
an asian girl looking surprised in front of a brick window
pPos: an  asian  girl looking surprised in refrain front of a  brick uncommon window 
neut: an  asian  girl looking surprised in  front of a  brick  window 
pNeg: an  asian  girl looking surprised in  front of a dull brick ripe window 
vPos: an  asian independent girl looking surprised in true front of a stand brick unbroken window 
vNeg: an  asian dead girl looking surprised in right front of a lay brick repair window 
girl wearing radio t-shirt has open mouth
pPos:  girl wearing  radio complex t-shirt has open  mouth 
neut:  girl wearing  radio  t-shirt has open  mouth 
pNeg: upright girl wearing  radio  t-shirt has open pretty mouth 
vPos: nice girl wearing bound radio  t-shirt has open forbidden mouth 
vNeg: ill girl wearing blame radio bloody t-shirt has open fair mouth 
a lady looks surprised .
pPos: a nice lady looks surprised . 
neut: a  lady looks surprised . 
pNeg: a pretty lady looks surprised . 
vPos: a gain lady looks surprised . 
vNeg: a nasty lady looks surprised . 
A man with a Frisbee and a dog in the air with a Frisbee in his mouth .
pPos: A innocent man with a Frisbee and a  dog in the  air with a Frisbee in his  mouth . 
neut: A  man with a Frisbee and a  dog in the  air with a Frisbee in his  mouth . 
pNeg: A dependable man with a Frisbee and a sting dog in the stale air with a Frisbee in his pretty mouth . 
vPos: A festive man with a Frisbee and a furious dog in the alive air with a Frisbee in his wise mouth . 
vNeg: A hollow man with a Frisbee and a bountiful dog in the fat air with a Frisbee in his empty mouth . 
The man and dog , which is leaping into the air , are playing Frisbee .
pPos: The guilty man and upright dog , which is leaping into the  air , are playing Frisbee . 
neut: The  man and  dog , which is leaping into the  air , are playing Frisbee . 
pNeg: The  man and  dog , which is leaping into the stale air , are playing Frisbee . 
vPos: The great man and wild dog , which is leaping into the distinct air , are playing Frisbee . 
vNeg: The ill man and bite dog , which is leaping into the contaminate air , are playing Frisbee . 
A man plays Frisbee with his dog .
pPos: A guilty man plays Frisbee with his  dog . 
neut: A  man plays Frisbee with his  dog . 
pNeg: A  man plays Frisbee with his  dog . 
vPos: A petty man plays Frisbee with his cute dog . 
vNeg: A poor man plays Frisbee with his hot dog . 
Small dog catching a Frisbee .
pPos: Small adept dog catching a Frisbee . 
neut: Small  dog catching a Frisbee . 
pNeg: Small  dog catching a Frisbee . 
vPos: Small honest dog catching a Frisbee . 
vNeg: Small cold dog catching a Frisbee . 
The person has a striped shirt on and is holding on to a rope on a mountain .
pPos: The  person has a striped  shirt on and is holding on to a  rope on a  mountain . 
neut: The  person has a striped  shirt on and is holding on to a  rope on a  mountain . 
pNeg: The  person has a striped  shirt on and is holding on to a adequate rope on a  mountain . 
vPos: The honest person has a striped worn shirt on and is holding on to a heart rope on a foreboding mountain . 
vNeg: The blind person has a striped atrocious shirt on and is holding on to a  rope on a ugly mountain . 
A kid rock climbing against the backdrop of a green valley
pPos: A  kid  rock climbing against the secure backdrop of a green  valley 
neut: A  kid  rock climbing against the  backdrop of a green  valley 
pNeg: A  kid dead rock climbing against the  backdrop of a green  valley 
vPos: A normal kid vehement rock climbing against the credible backdrop of a green natural valley 
vNeg: A intelligent kid ill rock climbing against the dismal backdrop of a green shallow valley 
The person in the striped shirt is mountain climbing .
pPos: The  person in the striped  shirt is bountiful mountain climbing . 
neut: The  person in the striped  shirt is  mountain climbing . 
pNeg: The  person in the striped  shirt is  mountain climbing . 
vPos: The well person in the striped worn shirt is stark mountain climbing . 
vNeg: The bad person in the striped like shirt is ugly mountain climbing . 
A woman in a striped shirt climbs up a mountain .
pPos: A  woman in a striped  shirt climbs up a  mountain . 
neut: A  woman in a striped  shirt climbs up a  mountain . 
pNeg: A  woman in a striped  shirt climbs up a  mountain . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman in a striped gain shirt climbs up a magnificent mountain . 
vNeg: A attractive woman in a striped comely shirt climbs up a ugly mountain . 
A young man climbs a rocky hill .
pPos: A young innocent man climbs a rocky  hill . 
neut: A young  man climbs a rocky  hill . 
pNeg: A young cheery man climbs a rocky ripe hill . 
vPos: A young great man climbs a rocky hustle hill . 
vNeg: A young lead man climbs a rocky seethe hill . 
The little girl in pink is standing in the doorway between the artwork on the walls .
pPos: The little  girl in  pink is standing in the close doorway between the  artwork on the safe walls . 
neut: The little  girl in  pink is standing in the  doorway between the  artwork on the  walls . 
pNeg: The little  girl in  pink is standing in the  doorway between the goodness artwork on the drab walls . 
vPos: The little nice girl in  pink is standing in the open doorway between the nice artwork on the foreign walls . 
vNeg: The little miserable girl in faint pink is standing in the covert doorway between the bad artwork on the forward walls . 
A young girl wearing a pink shirt walks through an open door .
pPos: A young  girl wearing a pink  shirt walks through an open  door . 
neut: A young  girl wearing a pink  shirt walks through an open  door . 
pNeg: A young  girl wearing a pink  shirt walks through an open  door . 
vPos: A young dependent girl wearing a pink great shirt walks through an open erase door . 
vNeg: A young stupid girl wearing a pink indecent shirt walks through an open front door . 
A little girl in pink stands in a yellow hallway .
pPos: A little  girl in  pink stands in a yellow  hallway . 
neut: A little  girl in  pink stands in a yellow  hallway . 
pNeg: A little  girl in  pink stands in a yellow dependent hallway . 
vPos: A little sweet girl in  pink stands in a yellow independent hallway . 
vNeg: A little dead girl in faint pink stands in a yellow make hallway . 
The young girl enters the room in amazement .
pPos: The young  girl enters the  room in  amazement . 
neut: The young  girl enters the  room in  amazement . 
pNeg: The young  girl enters the  room in  amazement . 
vPos: The young cold girl enters the light room in  amazement . 
vNeg: The young chic girl enters the forward room in  amazement . 
a young girl standing alone in a hallway .
pPos: a young  girl standing alone in a  hallway . 
neut: a young  girl standing alone in a  hallway . 
pNeg: a young upright girl standing alone in a discharge hallway . 
vPos: a young live girl standing alone in a fill hallway . 
vNeg: a young ache girl standing alone in a fortify hallway . 
a couple of people running on the shore near the beach .
pPos: a nice couple of  people running on the  shore near the  beach . 
neut: a  couple of  people running on the  shore near the  beach . 
pNeg: a unhappy couple of  people running on the  shore near the  beach . 
vPos: a marry couple of normal people running on the  shore near the goodness beach . 
vNeg: a precious couple of devoid people running on the common shore near the defective beach . 
Two people run in the sand at the beach .
pPos: Two  people run in the  sand at the  beach . 
neut: Two  people run in the  sand at the  beach . 
pNeg: Two  people run in the  sand at the  beach . 
vPos: Two dim people run in the  sand at the isolate beach . 
vNeg: Two devoid people run in the  sand at the close beach . 
Two young children wearing winter coats and hats are playing in the melting snow .
pPos: Two young modest children wearing  winter  coats and familiar hats are playing in the melting  snow . 
neut: Two young  children wearing  winter  coats and  hats are playing in the melting  snow . 
pNeg: Two young  children wearing wrinkle winter  coats and  hats are playing in the melting  snow . 
vPos: Two young innocent children wearing cold winter dim coats and foreign hats are playing in the melting real snow . 
vNeg: Two young poor children wearing  winter ill coats and empty hats are playing in the melting ugly snow . 
Two kids play with plastic shovels in a snowy pond .
pPos: Two  kids play with plastic  shovels in a snowy invisible pond . 
neut: Two  kids play with plastic  shovels in a snowy  pond . 
pNeg: Two  kids play with plastic  shovels in a snowy  pond . 
vPos: Two worn kids play with plastic trustworthy shovels in a snowy  pond . 
vNeg: Two smart kids play with plastic untrustworthy shovels in a snowy  pond . 
Two children shovel snow and melting ice .
pPos: Two modest children  shovel  snow and  melting  ice . 
neut: Two  children  shovel  snow and  melting  ice . 
pNeg: Two  children  shovel  snow and madman melting  ice . 
vPos: Two rich children trustworthy shovel hard snow and  melting  ice . 
vNeg: Two guilty children untrustworthy shovel hang snow and mad melting gain ice . 
The children are playing in the water .
pPos: The  children are playing in the secure water . 
neut: The  children are playing in the  water . 
pNeg: The  children are playing in the muddy water . 
vPos: The adult children are playing in the safe water . 
vNeg: The guilty children are playing in the murky water . 
A boy wearing climbing gear climbs by a wooden pole .
pPos: A  boy wearing climbing light gear climbs by a wooden contrary pole . 
neut: A  boy wearing climbing  gear climbs by a wooden  pole . 
pNeg: A  boy wearing climbing  gear climbs by a wooden obliterate pole . 
vPos: A evil boy wearing climbing forward gear climbs by a wooden show pole . 
vNeg: A sorry boy wearing climbing low gear climbs by a wooden atrocious pole . 
A small child climbs ropes hung near a large pole .
pPos: A small modest child climbs  ropes hung near a large opponent pole . 
neut: A small  child climbs  ropes hung near a large  pole . 
pNeg: A small  child climbs decent ropes hung near a large  pole . 
vPos: A small gain child climbs disturbance ropes hung near a large show pole . 
vNeg: A small lose child climbs  ropes hung near a large ugly pole . 
The boy is climbing up a rope ladder .
pPos: The  boy is climbing up a  rope  ladder . 
neut: The  boy is climbing up a  rope  ladder . 
pNeg: The  boy is climbing up a decent rope  ladder . 
vPos: The real boy is climbing up a classic rope unwilling ladder . 
vNeg: The miserable boy is climbing up a authoritative rope willing ladder . 
A boy climbs a sailboat mast .
pPos: A  boy climbs a sailboat  mast . 
neut: A  boy climbs a sailboat  mast . 
pNeg: A  boy climbs a sailboat  mast . 
vPos: A skillful boy climbs a sailboat  mast . 
vNeg: A bad boy climbs a sailboat explode mast . 
In pool surrounded by plants , one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl .
pPos: In  pool surrounded by familiar plants , one smiling  girl with a  bucket splashes another  girl . 
neut: In  pool surrounded by  plants , one smiling  girl with a  bucket splashes another  girl . 
pNeg: In dead pool surrounded by  plants , one smiling  girl with a empty bucket splashes another  girl . 
vPos: In warm pool surrounded by natural plants , one smiling sweet girl with a great bucket splashes another sweet girl . 
vNeg: In  pool surrounded by empty plants , one smiling evil girl with a insufficient bucket splashes another evil girl . 
The girls are playing in the pool and splashing each other with water .
pPos: The  girls are playing in the neat pool and splashing each other with infest water . 
neut: The  girls are playing in the  pool and splashing each other with  water . 
pNeg: The  girls are playing in the dead pool and splashing each other with overrun water . 
vPos: The cold girls are playing in the alive pool and splashing each other with safe water . 
vNeg: The ugly girls are playing in the drown pool and splashing each other with dismal water . 
A girl is throwing a bucket of water at another girl in a pool .
pPos: A adept girl is throwing a  bucket of infest water at another adept girl in a  pool . 
neut: A  girl is throwing a  bucket of  water at another  girl in a  pool . 
pNeg: A  girl is throwing a common bucket of muddy water at another  girl in a dead pool . 
vPos: A live girl is throwing a great bucket of light water at another live girl in a like pool . 
vNeg: A ill girl is throwing a insufficient bucket of holy water at another ill girl in a filthy pool . 
A girl dumps a bucket of water on another girl .
pPos: A  girl dumps a  bucket of  water on another  girl . 
neut: A  girl dumps a  bucket of  water on another  girl . 
pNeg: A  girl dumps a empty bucket of overrun water on another  girl . 
vPos: A angelic girl dumps a great bucket of natural water on another angelic girl . 
vNeg: A dead girl dumps a insufficient bucket of holy water on another dead girl . 
One girl throws water on another in a pool .
pPos: One  girl throws  water on another in a  pool . 
neut: One  girl throws  water on another in a  pool . 
pNeg: One ample girl throws overrun water on another in a dead pool . 
vPos: One goodness girl throws classic water on another in a unclean pool . 
vNeg: One stupid girl throws murky water on another in a drown pool . 
Man is sitting in a blue chair outside near large paintings .
pPos: Man is sitting in a blue superior chair outside near large  paintings . 
neut: Man is sitting in a blue  chair outside near large  paintings . 
pNeg: Man is sitting in a blue inferior chair outside near large nasty paintings . 
vPos: Man is sitting in a blue  chair outside near large great paintings . 
vNeg: Man is sitting in a blue favorite chair outside near large terrible paintings . 
A man sitting on a chair on the street , next to a board .
pPos: A innocent man sitting on a comfortable chair on the front street , next to a great board . 
neut: A  man sitting on a  chair on the  street , next to a  board . 
pNeg: A ripe man sitting on a inferior chair on the discharge street , next to a restful board . 
vPos: A funny man sitting on a  chair on the particular street , next to a push board . 
vNeg: A dead man sitting on a favorite chair on the empty street , next to a idiot board . 
man is sitting in blue chair next two pieces of wood
pPos: guilty man is sitting in blue difficult chair next two modest pieces of  wood 
neut:  man is sitting in blue  chair next two  pieces of  wood 
pNeg:  man is sitting in blue inferior chair next two  pieces of adequate wood 
vPos: evil man is sitting in blue  chair next two great pieces of goodness wood 
vNeg: dead man is sitting in blue uneasy chair next two interest pieces of ill wood 
A man sitting in a blue metal chair .
pPos: A innocent man sitting in a blue light metal comfortable chair . 
neut: A  man sitting in a blue  metal  chair . 
pNeg: A  man sitting in a blue silly metal inferior chair . 
vPos: A great man sitting in a blue vicious metal  chair . 
vNeg: A hollow man sitting in a blue false metal appall chair . 
A dog is running out of the ocean with an orange floating toy in its mouth .
pPos: A  dog is running out of the  ocean with an orange floating  toy in its  mouth . 
neut: A  dog is running out of the  ocean with an orange floating  toy in its  mouth . 
pNeg: A sting dog is running out of the  ocean with an orange floating  toy in its pretty mouth . 
vPos: A savage dog is running out of the frigid ocean with an orange floating gorgeous toy in its great mouth . 
vNeg: A bad dog is running out of the  ocean with an orange floating explosive toy in its smart mouth . 
A well-muscled dog retrieves an orange toy from the surf .
pPos: A well-muscled  dog retrieves an orange  toy from the  surf . 
neut: A well-muscled  dog retrieves an orange  toy from the  surf . 
pNeg: A well-muscled sting dog retrieves an orange  toy from the  surf . 
vPos: A well-muscled rich dog retrieves an orange warm toy from the loom surf . 
vNeg: A well-muscled evil dog retrieves an orange childish toy from the  surf . 
A dog running through the water with a toy at the beach .
pPos: A  dog running through the infest water with a  toy at the  beach . 
neut: A  dog running through the  water with a  toy at the  beach . 
pNeg: A  dog running through the wickedness water with a  toy at the  beach . 
vPos: A wild dog running through the frighten water with a worn toy at the wonderful beach . 
vNeg: A waste dog running through the respectable water with a childish toy at the close beach . 
A brown dog is bringing back a buoy from the ocean .
pPos: A brown  dog is bringing back a  buoy from the  ocean . 
neut: A brown  dog is bringing back a  buoy from the  ocean . 
pNeg: A brown sting dog is bringing back a  buoy from the  ocean . 
vPos: A brown savage dog is bringing back a  buoy from the open ocean . 
vNeg: A brown bad dog is bringing back a gain buoy from the  ocean . 
A brown and white dog sliding off an oversized cream chair .
pPos: A brown and white  dog sliding off an oversized  cream difficult chair . 
neut: A brown and white  dog sliding off an oversized  cream  chair . 
pNeg: A brown and white sting dog sliding off an oversized stale cream inferior chair . 
vPos: A brown and white ferocious dog sliding off an oversized fresh cream  chair . 
vNeg: A brown and white bite dog sliding off an oversized  cream open chair . 
A brown and white dog jumps onto a beige leather chair .
pPos: A brown and white  dog jumps onto a beige  leather gain chair . 
neut: A brown and white  dog jumps onto a beige  leather  chair . 
pNeg: A brown and white  dog jumps onto a beige  leather inferior chair . 
vPos: A brown and white savage dog jumps onto a beige  leather  chair . 
vNeg: A brown and white ill dog jumps onto a beige lustrous leather favorite chair . 
A dog laying on the edge of a white chair
pPos: A  dog laying on the nice edge of a white difficult chair 
neut: A  dog laying on the  edge of a white  chair 
pNeg: A  dog laying on the dull edge of a white inferior chair 
vPos: A cute dog laying on the comical edge of a white  chair 
vNeg: A dead dog laying on the  edge of a white easy chair 
A small white dog jumps on a chair
pPos: A small white boastful dog jumps on a gain chair 
neut: A small white  dog jumps on a  chair 
pNeg: A small white  dog jumps on a inferior chair 
vPos: A small white furious dog jumps on a  chair 
vNeg: A small white good dog jumps on a favorite chair 
A person using a brush to paint chinese characters on a vertical banner .
pPos: A  person using a  brush to paint chinese  characters on a vertical  banner . 
neut: A  person using a  brush to paint chinese  characters on a vertical  banner . 
pNeg: A  person using a uneven brush to paint chinese chafe characters on a vertical  banner . 
vPos: A dim person using a light brush to paint chinese real characters on a vertical successful banner . 
vNeg: A respectable person using a  brush to paint chinese actual characters on a vertical bad banner . 
A man draws characters with his feel on the street .
pPos: A queer man draws vex characters with his  feel on the front street . 
neut: A  man draws  characters with his  feel on the  street . 
pNeg: A ample man draws  characters with his nasty feel on the  street . 
vPos: A petty man draws interest characters with his dark feel on the lawless street . 
vNeg: A fat man draws major characters with his wrong feel on the real street . 
A person drawing Chinese characters with his feet .
pPos: A  person drawing Chinese  characters with his nice feet . 
neut: A  person drawing Chinese  characters with his  feet . 
pNeg: A  person drawing Chinese  characters with his  feet . 
vPos: A perfect person drawing Chinese support characters with his right feet . 
vNeg: A blind person drawing Chinese lead characters with his plain feet . 
A person paints Asian characters on a banner .
pPos: A  person paints Asian  characters on a  banner . 
neut: A  person paints Asian  characters on a  banner . 
pNeg: A  person paints Asian  characters on a  banner . 
vPos: A imperfect person paints Asian irritation characters on a successful banner . 
vNeg: A goodness person paints Asian deficit characters on a good banner . 
a man paints chinese characters .
pPos: a guilty man  paints chinese  characters . 
neut: a  man  paints chinese  characters . 
pNeg: a cheery man wickedness paints chinese  characters . 
vPos: a invisible man brilliant paints chinese worn characters . 
vNeg: a pitiful man darkness paints chinese major characters . 
A cyclist is performing a jumping stunt in a skate and cycle park .
pPos: A  cyclist is performing a jumping athletic stunt in a  skate and warlike cycle  park . 
neut: A  cyclist is performing a jumping  stunt in a  skate and  cycle  park . 
pNeg: A  cyclist is performing a jumping poise stunt in a  skate and unnatural cycle  park . 
vPos: A real cyclist is performing a jumping best stunt in a  skate and vicious cycle  park . 
vNeg: A  cyclist is performing a jumping insane stunt in a  skate and  cycle unpopular park . 
An angled picture of a person doing a trick on a bike .
pPos: An angled  picture of a  person doing a neat trick on a  bike . 
neut: An angled  picture of a  person doing a  trick on a  bike . 
pNeg: An angled  picture of a  person doing a  trick on a  bike . 
vPos: An angled best picture of a well person doing a common trick on a  bike . 
vNeg: An angled empty picture of a commencement person doing a stupid trick on a worn bike . 
Young man does stunt on bicycle near beach .
pPos: Young innocent man does athletic stunt on  bicycle near  beach . 
neut: Young  man does  stunt on  bicycle near  beach . 
pNeg: Young dependable man does  stunt on  bicycle near  beach . 
vPos: Young good man does crazy stunt on lustrous bicycle near fabulous beach . 
vNeg: Young straight man does better stunt on worn bicycle near alien beach . 
A man in a gray shirt is standing in a crowded street at night .
pPos: A secure man in a gray  shirt is standing in a crowded front street at  night . 
neut: A  man in a gray  shirt is standing in a crowded  street at  night . 
pNeg: A ample man in a gray  shirt is standing in a crowded discharge street at  night . 
vPos: A festive man in a gray gain shirt is standing in a crowded advance street at dark night . 
vNeg: A poor man in a gray vain shirt is standing in a crowded fill street at hot night . 
A man with glasses and a gray shirt is on a crowded street .
pPos: A innocent man with nasty glasses and a gray  shirt is on a crowded outlaw street . 
neut: A  man with  glasses and a gray  shirt is on a crowded  street . 
pNeg: A cheery man with  glasses and a gray  shirt is on a crowded  street . 
vPos: A great man with like glasses and a gray worn shirt is on a crowded dependent street . 
vNeg: A straight man with bad glasses and a gray vain shirt is on a crowded forward street . 
One man with his eyes closed standing in a crowd .
pPos: One merry man with his  eyes closed standing in a  crowd . 
neut: One  man with his  eyes closed standing in a  crowd . 
pNeg: One  man with his  eyes closed standing in a  crowd . 
vPos: One great man with his ripe eyes closed standing in a unarm crowd . 
vNeg: One sound man with his bad eyes closed standing in a astray crowd . 
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object .
pPos: A odd man stands in a  crowd holding a white  object . 
neut: A  man stands in a  crowd holding a white  object . 
pNeg: A cheery man stands in a  crowd holding a white odd object . 
vPos: A funny man stands in a angry crowd holding a white impersonal object . 
vNeg: A jolly man stands in a incorrect crowd holding a white even object . 
A mountain biker is riding along a heavy dirt trail in a wooded area .
pPos: A  mountain good biker is riding along a heavy  dirt  trail in a wooded sequester area . 
neut: A  mountain  biker is riding along a heavy  dirt  trail in a wooded  area . 
pNeg: A  mountain  biker is riding along a heavy expensive dirt  trail in a wooded  area . 
vPos: A calm mountain perverse biker is riding along a heavy  dirt  trail in a wooded special area . 
vNeg: A ugly mountain depraved biker is riding along a heavy pollute dirt comic trail in a wooded sour area . 
A man is riding a mountain bike on a woodland trail .
pPos: A merry man is riding a  mountain  bike on a woodland  trail . 
neut: A  man is riding a  mountain  bike on a woodland  trail . 
pNeg: A  man is riding a  mountain  bike on a woodland  trail . 
vPos: A good man is riding a foreboding mountain  bike on a woodland  trail . 
vNeg: A deficit man is riding a ugly mountain shiver bike on a woodland comic trail . 
A man rides a bike through a wooded trail .
pPos: A merry man rides a  bike through a wooded  trail . 
neut: A  man rides a  bike through a wooded  trail . 
pNeg: A  man rides a  bike through a wooded  trail . 
vPos: A incredible man rides a  bike through a wooded  trail . 
vNeg: A bad man rides a worn bike through a wooded comic trail . 
A man in green biking in the woods .
pPos: A innocent man in green  biking in the  woods . 
neut: A  man in green  biking in the  woods . 
pNeg: A  man in green safe biking in the modest woods . 
vPos: A crooked man in green  biking in the goodness woods . 
vNeg: A bad man in green  biking in the badly woods . 
A black and white dog is running through the sand on a beach .
pPos: A black and white  dog is running through the  sand on a  beach . 
neut: A black and white  dog is running through the  sand on a  beach . 
pNeg: A black and white  dog is running through the  sand on a  beach . 
vPos: A black and white cute dog is running through the  sand on a infamous beach . 
vNeg: A black and white bite dog is running through the  sand on a close beach . 
A brown dog with white paws running on the beach .
pPos: A brown adept dog with white  paws running on the  beach . 
neut: A brown  dog with white  paws running on the  beach . 
pNeg: A brown  dog with white avid paws running on the  beach . 
vPos: A brown wild dog with white filthy paws running on the illustrious beach . 
vNeg: A brown spill dog with white hungry paws running on the bad beach . 
There are two dogs running on the beach outside .
pPos: There are two  dogs running on the  beach grim outside . 
neut: There are two  dogs running on the  beach  outside . 
pNeg: There are two  dogs running on the  beach cheery outside . 
vPos: There are two ferocious dogs running on the infamous beach smart outside . 
vNeg: There are two precious dogs running on the alien beach gay outside . 
Two dogs are playing on the beach together .
pPos: Two  dogs are playing on the  beach together . 
neut: Two  dogs are playing on the  beach together . 
pNeg: Two  dogs are playing on the  beach together . 
vPos: Two cute dogs are playing on the suave beach together . 
vNeg: Two safe dogs are playing on the close beach together . 
Two dogs run along a beach .
pPos: Two secure dogs run along a  beach . 
neut: Two  dogs run along a  beach . 
pNeg: Two  dogs run along a  beach . 
vPos: Two cute dogs run along a wondrous beach . 
vNeg: Two alive dogs run along a alien beach . 
two cheerleaders in red an black are standing on the shoulders of other cheerleaders in front of a red curtain .
pPos: two  cheerleaders in red an  black are standing on the  shoulders of other  cheerleaders in refrain front of a red  curtain . 
neut: two  cheerleaders in red an  black are standing on the  shoulders of other  cheerleaders in  front of a red  curtain . 
pNeg: two  cheerleaders in red an goodness black are standing on the  shoulders of other  cheerleaders in  front of a red  curtain . 
vPos: two cold cheerleaders in red an gorgeous black are standing on the incorrect shoulders of other cold cheerleaders in true front of a red traditional curtain . 
vNeg: two hot cheerleaders in red an gay black are standing on the unlimited shoulders of other hot cheerleaders in expert front of a red  curtain . 
A group of cheerleaders are lifting up two other cheerleaders above their heads .
pPos: A  group of  cheerleaders are lifting up two other  cheerleaders above their convict heads . 
neut: A  group of  cheerleaders are lifting up two other  cheerleaders above their  heads . 
pNeg: A modest group of  cheerleaders are lifting up two other  cheerleaders above their  heads . 
vPos: A gifted group of fellow cheerleaders are lifting up two other fellow cheerleaders above their  heads . 
vNeg: A like group of hot cheerleaders are lifting up two other hot cheerleaders above their behead heads . 
Cheerleaders dressed in red and black hold two cheerleaders above their heads .
pPos:  Cheerleaders dressed in red and black hold two  cheerleaders above their boastful heads . 
neut:  Cheerleaders dressed in red and black hold two  cheerleaders above their  heads . 
pNeg:  Cheerleaders dressed in red and black hold two  cheerleaders above their  heads . 
vPos: lonesome Cheerleaders dressed in red and black hold two lonesome cheerleaders above their  heads . 
vNeg: hot Cheerleaders dressed in red and black hold two hot cheerleaders above their clutter heads . 
A cheerleader thrown into the air
pPos: A  cheerleader thrown into the  air 
neut: A  cheerleader thrown into the  air 
pNeg: A  cheerleader thrown into the stale air 
vPos: A immorality cheerleader thrown into the fresh air 
vNeg: A mate cheerleader thrown into the fat air 
A man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head .
pPos: A innocent man is walking in the darkness street with  sunglasses on eminent top of his convict head . 
neut: A  man is walking in the  street with  sunglasses on  top of his  head . 
pNeg: A  man is walking in the  street with  sunglasses on  top of his  head . 
vPos: A rich man is walking in the light street with  sunglasses on comic top of his  head . 
vNeg: A gay man is walking in the back street with  sunglasses on low top of his behead head . 
A man poses outside of some buildings .
pPos: A guilty man poses outside of some easy buildings . 
neut: A  man poses outside of some  buildings . 
pNeg: A ample man poses outside of some  buildings . 
vPos: A robust man poses outside of some marvelous buildings . 
vNeg: A poor man poses outside of some bombard buildings . 
A little girl is playing a red recorder flute while another girl is playing a pink guitar .
pPos: A little  girl is playing a red obscure recorder  flute while another  girl is playing a pink  guitar . 
neut: A little  girl is playing a red  recorder  flute while another  girl is playing a pink  guitar . 
pNeg: A little  girl is playing a red  recorder  flute while another  girl is playing a pink  guitar . 
vPos: A little goodness girl is playing a red foremost recorder  flute while another goodness girl is playing a pink nice guitar . 
vNeg: A little evil girl is playing a red  recorder slight flute while another evil girl is playing a pink expensive guitar . 
One girl is playing a recorder and another girl is playing the guitar .
pPos: One  girl is playing a  recorder and another  girl is playing the  guitar . 
neut: One  girl is playing a  recorder and another  girl is playing the  guitar . 
pNeg: One  girl is playing a  recorder and another  girl is playing the jittery guitar . 
vPos: One alive girl is playing a secret recorder and another alive girl is playing the keen guitar . 
vNeg: One nasty girl is playing a  recorder and another nasty girl is playing the cheap guitar . 
A girl is playing a red flute while another girl holds a pink guitar .
pPos: A  girl is playing a red  flute while another  girl holds a pink  guitar . 
neut: A  girl is playing a red  flute while another  girl holds a pink  guitar . 
pNeg: A dependable girl is playing a red  flute while another dependable girl holds a pink  guitar . 
vPos: A dependent girl is playing a red  flute while another dependent girl holds a pink skillful guitar . 
vNeg: A ill girl is playing a red magical flute while another ill girl holds a pink nasty guitar . 
One girl is playing a recorder while another one holds a guitar .
pPos: neat One  girl is playing a obscure recorder while another neat one holds a  guitar . 
neut:  One  girl is playing a  recorder while another  one holds a  guitar . 
pNeg:  One  girl is playing a obliterate recorder while another  one holds a  guitar . 
vPos: love One cold girl is playing a show recorder while another love one holds a neat guitar . 
vNeg: worst One bad girl is playing a  recorder while another worst one holds a jumpy guitar . 
Young girls are playing musical instruments .
pPos: Young  girls are playing musical  instruments . 
neut: Young  girls are playing musical  instruments . 
pNeg: Young  girls are playing musical unavoidable instruments . 
vPos: Young live girls are playing musical cold instruments . 
vNeg: Young good girls are playing musical low instruments . 
A boy in a blue shirt and white helmet is riding a white bike .
pPos: A  boy in a blue  shirt and white  helmet is riding a white  bike . 
neut: A  boy in a blue  shirt and white  helmet is riding a white  bike . 
pNeg: A  boy in a blue  shirt and white  helmet is riding a white  bike . 
vPos: A good boy in a blue great shirt and white monumental helmet is riding a white  bike . 
vNeg: A ill boy in a blue indecent shirt and white evil helmet is riding a white broke bike . 
A cyclist riding on their front wheel on the asphalt .
pPos: A  cyclist riding on their front  wheel on the  asphalt . 
neut: A  cyclist riding on their front  wheel on the  asphalt . 
pNeg: A  cyclist riding on their front  wheel on the close asphalt . 
vPos: A real cyclist riding on their front advance wheel on the  asphalt . 
vNeg: A  cyclist riding on their front fit wheel on the covert asphalt . 
A boy in blue is riding his bike in a skate park .
pPos: A  boy in grim blue is riding his  bike in a skate  park . 
neut: A  boy in  blue is riding his  bike in a skate  park . 
pNeg: A  boy in  blue is riding his  bike in a skate  park . 
vPos: A dark boy in light blue is riding his  bike in a skate  park . 
vNeg: A badly boy in shallow blue is riding his shiver bike in a skate desert park . 
The man is on a black and white bike .
pPos: The neat man is on a black and white  bike . 
neut: The  man is on a black and white  bike . 
pNeg: The  man is on a black and white  bike . 
vPos: The evil man is on a black and white  bike . 
vNeg: The straight man is on a black and white break bike . 
A boy on a BMX bike
pPos: A  boy on a BMX  bike 
neut: A  boy on a BMX  bike 
pNeg: A  boy on a BMX  bike 
vPos: A invisible boy on a BMX  bike 
vNeg: A unsound boy on a BMX bout bike 
A group of three dogs are walking through the snow .
pPos: A  group of three  dogs are walking through the  snow . 
neut: A  group of three  dogs are walking through the  snow . 
pNeg: A  group of three  dogs are walking through the  snow . 
vPos: A gifted group of three savage dogs are walking through the dirty snow . 
vNeg: A slight group of three hot dogs are walking through the ugly snow . 
Two yellow dogs and a small dog walk through snow .
pPos: Two yellow  dogs and a small  dog walk through  snow . 
neut: Two yellow  dogs and a small  dog walk through  snow . 
pNeg: Two yellow sting dogs and a small sting dog walk through  snow . 
vPos: Two yellow cute dogs and a small cute dog walk through easy snow . 
vNeg: Two yellow ugly dogs and a small ugly dog walk through fake snow . 
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence .
pPos: Three  dogs standing in  snow next to a blue  fence . 
neut: Three  dogs standing in  snow next to a blue  fence . 
pNeg: Three  dogs standing in  snow next to a blue low fence . 
vPos: Three savage dogs standing in easy snow next to a blue invisible fence . 
vNeg: Three fancy dogs standing in ugly snow next to a blue wane fence . 
Three dogs next to a blue fence in the snow .
pPos: Three dogs next to a blue  fence in the  snow . 
neut: Three dogs next to a blue  fence in the  snow . 
pNeg: Three dogs next to a blue dig fence in the  snow . 
vPos: Three dogs next to a blue unbroken fence in the outstanding snow . 
vNeg: Three dogs next to a blue wane fence in the ugly snow . 
Three dogs in the snow by a fence .
pPos: Three  dogs in the  snow by a  fence . 
neut: Three  dogs in the  snow by a  fence . 
pNeg: Three  dogs in the muddy snow by a raise fence . 
vPos: Three furious dogs in the clean snow by a invisible fence . 
vNeg: Three crazy dogs in the ugly snow by a cheap fence . 
A little girl climbing a ropes apparatus .
pPos: A little  girl climbing a  ropes  apparatus . 
neut: A little  girl climbing a  ropes  apparatus . 
pNeg: A little  girl climbing a decent ropes  apparatus . 
vPos: A little principal girl climbing a classic ropes elaborate apparatus . 
vNeg: A little stupid girl climbing a  ropes clumsy apparatus . 
young girl and boy cross a rope bridge
pPos: young  girl and  boy cross a  rope real bridge 
neut: young  girl and  boy cross a  rope  bridge 
pNeg: young dependable girl and  boy cross a decent rope  bridge 
vPos: young independent girl and rich boy cross a classic rope terrific bridge 
vNeg: young poor girl and respectable boy cross a  rope make bridge 
A kid is climbing on a rope course .
pPos: A vex kid is climbing on a  rope unfamiliar course . 
neut: A  kid is climbing on a  rope  course . 
pNeg: A modest kid is climbing on a  rope  course . 
vPos: A rich kid is climbing on a fret rope undue course . 
vNeg: A precious kid is climbing on a  rope good course . 
A young girl climbing a rope ladder
pPos: A young  girl climbing a  rope  ladder 
neut: A young  girl climbing a  rope  ladder 
pNeg: A young  girl climbing a decent rope  ladder 
vPos: A young goodness girl climbing a fret rope upright ladder 
vNeg: A young guilty girl climbing a  rope willing ladder 
Children climb a jungle gym .
pPos: Children climb a  jungle fussy gym . 
neut: Children climb a  jungle  gym . 
pNeg: Children climb a  jungle  gym . 
vPos: Children climb a foreign jungle  gym . 
vNeg: Children climb a  jungle  gym . 
A young boy wearing a blue shirt lies on the grass .
pPos: A young  boy wearing a blue  shirt lies on the  grass . 
neut: A young  boy wearing a blue  shirt lies on the  grass . 
pNeg: A young  boy wearing a blue  shirt lies on the  grass . 
vPos: A young goodness boy wearing a blue gain shirt lies on the cool grass . 
vNeg: A young bad boy wearing a blue loss shirt lies on the  grass . 
The young boy is laying on his belly in the grass .
pPos: The young  boy is laying on his  belly in the  grass . 
neut: The young  boy is laying on his  belly in the  grass . 
pNeg: The young  boy is laying on his ignoble belly in the  grass . 
vPos: The young evil boy is laying on his  belly in the warm grass . 
vNeg: The young poor boy is laying on his fat belly in the poise grass . 
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass .
pPos: Small  boy lying on his  stomach on the  grass . 
neut: Small  boy lying on his  stomach on the  grass . 
pNeg: Small ample boy lying on his  stomach on the  grass . 
vPos: Small real boy lying on his warm stomach on the cool grass . 
vNeg: Small bad boy lying on his explode stomach on the  grass . 
Boy lies on stomach in grass .
pPos: Boy lies on  stomach in  grass . 
neut: Boy lies on  stomach in  grass . 
pNeg: Boy lies on fertile stomach in  grass . 
vPos: Boy lies on playful stomach in warm grass . 
vNeg: Boy lies on fat stomach in poise grass . 
A man bracing himself against the pull of a large kite .
pPos: A queer man bracing himself against the  pull of a large  kite . 
neut: A  man bracing himself against the  pull of a large  kite . 
pNeg: A  man bracing himself against the  pull of a large rude kite . 
vPos: A live man bracing himself against the handsome pull of a large intelligent kite . 
vNeg: A bad man bracing himself against the  pull of a large stupid kite . 
Man trying to guide a kit in the desert .
pPos: innocent Man trying to guide a  kit in the  desert . 
neut:  Man trying to guide a  kit in the  desert . 
pNeg:  Man trying to guide a  kit in the  desert . 
vPos: suspicious Man trying to guide a everlasting kit in the hospitable desert . 
vNeg: straight Man trying to guide a complete kit in the low desert . 
Four ferry boats are docked at a visitor 's center with passengers waiting to board .
pPos: Four  ferry  boats are docked at a able visitor 's immoral center with  passengers waiting to confine board . 
neut: Four  ferry  boats are docked at a  visitor 's  center with  passengers waiting to  board . 
pNeg: Four  ferry  boats are docked at a  visitor 's  center with  passengers waiting to restful board . 
vPos: Four  ferry worn boats are docked at a  visitor 's truthful center with bothersome passengers waiting to push board . 
vNeg: Four independent ferry perverse boats are docked at a alien visitor 's false center with arrogant passengers waiting to idiot board . 
People are gathered on a platform in water for a ceremony .
pPos:  People are gathered on a stable platform in infest water for a  ceremony . 
neut:  People are gathered on a  platform in  water for a  ceremony . 
pNeg:  People are gathered on a  platform in muddy water for a uncivil ceremony . 
vPos: normal People are gathered on a abolish platform in classic water for a  ceremony . 
vNeg: evil People are gathered on a unstable platform in shallow water for a worst ceremony . 
A group of people waiting to ride boats .
pPos: A  group of  people waiting to ride  boats . 
neut: A  group of  people waiting to ride  boats . 
pNeg: A  group of  people waiting to ride  boats . 
vPos: A gifted group of innocent people waiting to ride modest boats . 
vNeg: A right group of inadequate people waiting to ride perverse boats . 
People wait to board boats .
pPos:  People wait to confine board  boats . 
neut:  People wait to  board  boats . 
pNeg:  People wait to restless board  boats . 
vPos: real People wait to push board distort boats . 
vNeg: poor People wait to retard board displace boats . 
A child is playing soccer with a blue and white soccer ball nearby onlookers .
pPos: A modest child is playing  soccer with a blue and white  soccer light ball nearby  onlookers . 
neut: A  child is playing  soccer with a blue and white  soccer  ball nearby  onlookers . 
pNeg: A  child is playing  soccer with a blue and white  soccer  ball nearby  onlookers . 
vPos: A rich child is playing competitive soccer with a blue and white competitive soccer dark ball nearby  onlookers . 
vNeg: A guilty child is playing frivolous soccer with a blue and white frivolous soccer dear ball nearby fat onlookers . 
The boy hits the blue and white soccer ball with his knee .
pPos: The  boy hits the blue and white  soccer downhearted ball with his  knee . 
neut: The  boy hits the blue and white  soccer  ball with his  knee . 
pNeg: The  boy hits the blue and white  soccer  ball with his hang knee . 
vPos: The real boy hits the blue and white serious soccer dark ball with his good knee . 
vNeg: The badly boy hits the blue and white frivolous soccer wrong ball with his bad knee . 
A child is hitting a soccer ball with their chest .
pPos: A  child is hitting a  soccer light ball with their  chest . 
neut: A  child is hitting a  soccer  ball with their  chest . 
pNeg: A  child is hitting a  soccer sullen ball with their  chest . 
vPos: A rich child is hitting a competitive soccer love ball with their natural chest . 
vNeg: A pitiful child is hitting a frivolous soccer real ball with their empty chest . 
A boy hitting a soccer ball with his chest .
pPos: A  boy hitting a  soccer gain ball with his  chest . 
neut: A  boy hitting a  soccer  ball with his  chest . 
pNeg: A  boy hitting a  soccer  ball with his  chest . 
vPos: A dim boy hitting a fun soccer love ball with his natural chest . 
vNeg: A expert boy hitting a frivolous soccer real ball with his valuable chest . 
The boy is kicking a soccer ball .
pPos: The  boy is kicking a  soccer gain ball . 
neut: The  boy is kicking a  soccer  ball . 
pNeg: The  boy is kicking a  soccer ripe ball . 
vPos: The rich boy is kicking a competitive soccer dark ball . 
vNeg: The inadequate boy is kicking a frivolous soccer right ball . 
a man dragging between two horses holding on to the horse on his right
pPos: a neat man dragging between two  horses holding on to the  horse on his clean right 
neut: a  man dragging between two  horses holding on to the  horse on his  right 
pNeg: a ample man dragging between two preposterous horses holding on to the preposterous horse on his  right 
vPos: a shady man dragging between two real horses holding on to the real horse on his open right 
vNeg: a dead man dragging between two call horses holding on to the call horse on his clutter right 
Cowboy in blue and red pants getting bucked off a horse .
pPos: Cowboy in blue and red  pants getting bucked off a  horse . 
neut: Cowboy in blue and red  pants getting bucked off a  horse . 
pNeg: Cowboy in blue and red  pants getting bucked off a preposterous horse . 
vPos: Cowboy in blue and red advance pants getting bucked off a wild horse . 
vNeg: Cowboy in blue and red stupid pants getting bucked off a beat horse . 
A person is kneeling between two horses
pPos: A  person is kneeling between two  horses 
neut: A  person is kneeling between two  horses 
pNeg: A  person is kneeling between two  horses 
vPos: A well person is kneeling between two favorite horses 
vNeg: A nasty person is kneeling between two absurd horses 
Two brown and white dogs are next to each other with red toys in their mouths .
pPos: Two  brown and white  dogs are next to each other with red  toys in their  mouths . 
neut: Two  brown and white  dogs are next to each other with red  toys in their  mouths . 
pNeg: Two  brown and white  dogs are next to each other with red  toys in their modest mouths . 
vPos: Two lawful brown and white cute dogs are next to each other with red fresh toys in their wise mouths . 
vNeg: Two blemish brown and white bad dogs are next to each other with red volatile toys in their filthy mouths . 
Two dogs running through grass next to a street .
pPos: Two  dogs running through  grass next to a front street . 
neut: Two  dogs running through  grass next to a  street . 
pNeg: Two  dogs running through  grass next to a  street . 
vPos: Two savage dogs running through tenacious grass next to a dependent street . 
vNeg: Two hot dogs running through  grass next to a fill street . 
Two dogs run up a hill with their tongues out .
pPos: Two  dogs run up a  hill with their disclaim tongues out . 
neut: Two  dogs run up a  hill with their  tongues out . 
pNeg: Two sting dogs run up a ripe hill with their deadly tongues out . 
vPos: Two cute dogs run up a turbulent hill with their frivolous tongues out . 
vNeg: Two fanatic dogs run up a tramp hill with their foolish tongues out . 
Two dogs running up a grassy hill .
pPos: Two  dogs running up a grassy  hill . 
neut: Two  dogs running up a grassy  hill . 
pNeg: Two  dogs running up a grassy epithet hill . 
vPos: Two great dogs running up a grassy haunt hill . 
vNeg: Two evil dogs running up a grassy make hill . 
The large dog is walking outside , carrying a colorful toy in its mouth .
pPos: The large  dog is walking outside , carrying a colorful  toy in its  mouth . 
neut: The large  dog is walking outside , carrying a colorful  toy in its  mouth . 
pNeg: The large  dog is walking outside , carrying a colorful  toy in its pretty mouth . 
vPos: The large wild dog is walking outside , carrying a colorful dark toy in its  mouth . 
vNeg: The large summit dog is walking outside , carrying a colorful volatile toy in its alive mouth . 
A black and tan dog is carrying a light blue ball near a fence .
pPos: A black and tan boastful dog is carrying a light blue warm ball near a  fence . 
neut: A black and tan  dog is carrying a light blue  ball near a  fence . 
pNeg: A black and tan sting dog is carrying a light blue  ball near a sleazy fence . 
vPos: A black and tan cute dog is carrying a light blue regal ball near a unbroken fence . 
vNeg: A black and tan pathetic dog is carrying a light blue wrong ball near a wane fence . 
A dog runs on concrete holding a blue ball .
pPos: A  dog runs on  concrete holding a blue gain ball . 
neut: A  dog runs on  concrete holding a blue  ball . 
pNeg: A  dog runs on  concrete holding a blue  ball . 
vPos: A goodness dog runs on sweet concrete holding a blue gloomy ball . 
vNeg: A evil dog runs on  concrete holding a blue incorrect ball . 
The dog has a blue ball in its mouth .
pPos: The  dog has a blue gain ball in its  mouth . 
neut: The  dog has a blue  ball in its  mouth . 
pNeg: The  dog has a blue  ball in its pretty mouth . 
vPos: The cute dog has a blue petty ball in its  mouth . 
vNeg: The live dog has a blue naughty ball in its live mouth . 
A brown dog wearing a chain collar is chewing on a large tire .
pPos: A brown  dog wearing a  chain  collar is chewing on a large  tire . 
neut: A brown  dog wearing a  chain  collar is chewing on a large  tire . 
pNeg: A brown  dog wearing a chafe chain  collar is chewing on a large shriek tire . 
vPos: A brown savage dog wearing a human chain special collar is chewing on a large natural tire . 
vNeg: A brown expert dog wearing a illogical chain  collar is chewing on a large shrill tire . 
A brindle pitbull holds a dirt bike tire in its mouth .
pPos: A brindle  pitbull holds a  dirt  bike  tire in its  mouth . 
neut: A brindle  pitbull holds a  dirt  bike  tire in its  mouth . 
pNeg: A brindle nice pitbull holds a inexpensive dirt  bike shriek tire in its receptive mouth . 
vPos: A brindle  pitbull holds a  dirt  bike natural tire in its  mouth . 
vNeg: A brindle filthy pitbull holds a contaminate dirt thrill bike screech tire in its fair mouth . 
A dog attempts to pick up a large tire with its mouth .
pPos: A prominent dog attempts to pick up a large  tire with its  mouth . 
neut: A  dog attempts to pick up a large  tire with its  mouth . 
pNeg: A  dog attempts to pick up a large shriek tire with its pretty mouth . 
vPos: A cute dog attempts to pick up a large natural tire with its  mouth . 
vNeg: A hot dog attempts to pick up a large screech tire with its alive mouth . 
A brown dog carrying a tire in its mouth .
pPos: A brown  dog carrying a  tire in its  mouth . 
neut: A brown  dog carrying a  tire in its  mouth . 
pNeg: A brown  dog carrying a shriek tire in its pretty mouth . 
vPos: A brown cute dog carrying a natural tire in its  mouth . 
vNeg: A brown ugly dog carrying a shrill tire in its fair mouth . 
A tiger striped dog plays with a tire .
pPos: A secret tiger striped  dog keen plays with a  tire . 
neut: A  tiger striped  dog  plays with a  tire . 
pNeg: A organize tiger striped sting dog  plays with a shriek tire . 
vPos: A create tiger striped furious dog well plays with a natural tire . 
vNeg: A monster tiger striped cold dog badly plays with a screech tire . 
A black and white dog with a green collar stands in front of a sign .
pPos: A black and white  dog with a green  collar stands in refrain front of a  sign . 
neut: A black and white  dog with a green  collar stands in  front of a  sign . 
pNeg: A black and white  dog with a green  collar stands in  front of a  sign . 
vPos: A black and white savage dog with a green peculiar collar stands in worn front of a welcome sign . 
vNeg: A black and white fancy dog with a green sorry collar stands in right front of a like sign . 
The furry black and white dog is running through a shallow pool .
pPos: The furry black and white  dog is running through a shallow  pool . 
neut: The furry black and white  dog is running through a shallow  pool . 
pNeg: The furry black and white  dog is running through a shallow dead pool . 
vPos: The furry black and white ferocious dog is running through a shallow dirty pool . 
vNeg: The furry black and white bite dog is running through a shallow bad pool . 
A dog is jumping into a pool for a swim competition
pPos: A  dog is jumping into a  pool for a swim effective competition 
neut: A  dog is jumping into a  pool for a swim  competition 
pNeg: A  dog is jumping into a dead pool for a swim  competition 
vPos: A cute dog is jumping into a warm pool for a swim crook competition 
vNeg: A dead dog is jumping into a  pool for a swim straight competition 
A dog walks across a puddle of water in Las Vegas .
pPos: A prominent dog walks across a  puddle of infest water in Las Vegas . 
neut: A  dog walks across a  puddle of  water in Las Vegas . 
pNeg: A  dog walks across a  puddle of overrun water in Las Vegas . 
vPos: A ferocious dog walks across a worn puddle of gain water in Las Vegas . 
vNeg: A hapless dog walks across a throw puddle of stale water in Las Vegas . 
A dog jumping off a dock into a pool of water .
pPos: A  dog jumping off a abandon dock into a  pool of  water . 
neut: A  dog jumping off a  dock into a  pool of  water . 
pNeg: A  dog jumping off a  dock into a dead pool of muddy water . 
vPos: A cute dog jumping off a  dock into a like pool of live water . 
vNeg: A salutary dog jumping off a  dock into a drown pool of pass water . 
Quite a few hikers walk through the snow with their gear .
pPos: Quite a few  hikers walk through the  snow with their dark gear . 
neut: Quite a few  hikers walk through the  snow with their  gear . 
pNeg: Quite a few  hikers walk through the  snow with their  gear . 
vPos: Quite a few  hikers walk through the spectacular snow with their easy gear . 
vNeg: Quite a few  hikers walk through the ugly snow with their low gear . 
People are crosscountry skiing in a single file line .
pPos:  People are crosscountry skiing in a single  file  line . 
neut:  People are crosscountry skiing in a single  file  line . 
pNeg:  People are crosscountry skiing in a single dissatisfy file  line . 
vPos: rich People are crosscountry skiing in a single  file suspicious line . 
vNeg: evil People are crosscountry skiing in a single evil file evil line . 
A group of skiers head up an incline in the snow .
pPos: A  group of  skiers head up an  incline in the  snow . 
neut: A  group of  skiers head up an  incline in the  snow . 
pNeg: A  group of  skiers head up an  incline in the  snow . 
vPos: A gifted group of evil skiers head up an  incline in the easy snow . 
vNeg: A talented group of ill skiers head up an  incline in the fall snow . 
A black dog in a red collar splashing through the water .
pPos: A black  dog in a red  collar splashing through the infest water . 
neut: A black  dog in a red  collar splashing through the  water . 
pNeg: A black  dog in a red  collar splashing through the overrun water . 
vPos: A black rich dog in a red special collar splashing through the dangerous water . 
vNeg: A black ugly dog in a red  collar splashing through the hot water . 
A black dog with a red collar is walking through water .
pPos: A black  dog with a red  collar is walking through  water . 
neut: A black  dog with a red  collar is walking through  water . 
pNeg: A black  dog with a red  collar is walking through muddy water . 
vPos: A black hazardous dog with a red special collar is walking through dangerous water . 
vNeg: A black burn dog with a red  collar is walking through bad water . 
A big , black dog with a red collar runs in the water .
pPos: A big , black  dog with a red  collar runs in the infest water . 
neut: A big , black  dog with a red  collar runs in the  water . 
pNeg: A big , black  dog with a red  collar runs in the overrun water . 
vPos: A big , black ferocious dog with a red special collar runs in the hard water . 
vNeg: A big , black plain dog with a red  collar runs in the pass water . 
A black dog is running through some water .
pPos: A black  dog is running through some infest water . 
neut: A black  dog is running through some  water . 
pNeg: A black  dog is running through some overrun water . 
vPos: A black rich dog is running through some easy water . 
vNeg: A black fancy dog is running through some bad water . 
A black dog splashes in the water
pPos: A black  dog healthy splashes in the infest water 
neut: A black  dog  splashes in the  water 
pNeg: A black  dog dull splashes in the overrun water 
vPos: A black furious dog definitive splashes in the safe water 
vNeg: A black good dog generous splashes in the holy water 
A kid doing a ollie in a skate park .
pPos: A  kid doing a  ollie in a skate  park . 
neut: A  kid doing a  ollie in a skate  park . 
pNeg: A  kid doing a  ollie in a skate  park . 
vPos: A worn kid doing a  ollie in a skate  park . 
vNeg: A low kid doing a  ollie in a skate popular park . 
A dog surrounded by trees runs to catch a Frisbee .
pPos: A prominent dog surrounded by desolate trees runs to catch a Frisbee . 
neut: A  dog surrounded by  trees runs to catch a Frisbee . 
pNeg: A sting dog surrounded by  trees runs to catch a Frisbee . 
vPos: A rich dog surrounded by tremendous trees runs to catch a Frisbee . 
vNeg: A bite dog surrounded by agitate trees runs to catch a Frisbee . 
A dog with yellow fur swims , neck deep , in water .
pPos: A  dog with yellow  fur swims ,  neck deep , in infest water . 
neut: A  dog with yellow  fur swims ,  neck deep , in  water . 
pNeg: A  dog with yellow  fur swims ,  neck deep , in overrun water . 
vPos: A rich dog with yellow coarse fur swims , gain neck deep , in invade water . 
vNeg: A alive dog with yellow  fur swims , make neck deep , in dreary water . 
A yellow dog is swimming in the water .
pPos: A yellow  dog is swimming in the infest water . 
neut: A yellow  dog is swimming in the  water . 
pNeg: A yellow sting dog is swimming in the muddy water . 
vPos: A yellow wild dog is swimming in the hard water . 
vNeg: A yellow alive dog is swimming in the stale water . 
A brown dog swims in the murky water .
pPos: A brown  dog swims in the murky infest water . 
neut: A brown  dog swims in the murky  water . 
pNeg: A brown  dog swims in the murky wickedness water . 
vPos: A brown furious dog swims in the murky good water . 
vNeg: A brown plain dog swims in the murky hot water . 
A brown dog swimming in murky water .
pPos: A brown secure dog  swimming in murky infest water . 
neut: A brown  dog  swimming in murky  water . 
pNeg: A brown  dog  swimming in murky overrun water . 
vPos: A brown cute dog  swimming in murky safe water . 
vNeg: A brown live dog  swimming in murky grave water . 
A dog with floppy ears runs on the grass , a fence behind it .
pPos: A  dog with floppy thirsty ears runs on the  grass , a  fence behind it . 
neut: A  dog with floppy  ears runs on the  grass , a  fence behind it . 
pNeg: A sting dog with floppy  ears runs on the  grass , a sleazy fence behind it . 
vPos: A rich dog with floppy real ears runs on the warm grass , a unbroken fence behind it . 
vNeg: A alive dog with floppy back ears runs on the  grass , a make fence behind it . 
A white dog is running with an orange fence behind him .
pPos: A white  dog is running with an orange  fence behind him . 
neut: A white  dog is running with an orange  fence behind him . 
pNeg: A white sting dog is running with an orange bum fence behind him . 
vPos: A white wild dog is running with an orange upgrade fence behind him . 
vNeg: A white fanatical dog is running with an orange make fence behind him . 
A brown and white dog runs through a grassy area .
pPos: A brown and white  dog runs through a grassy moody area . 
neut: A brown and white  dog runs through a grassy  area . 
pNeg: A brown and white  dog runs through a grassy wickedness area . 
vPos: A brown and white pinch dog runs through a grassy worn area . 
vNeg: A brown and white burn dog runs through a grassy  area . 
A brown and white dog playing on grass .
pPos: A brown and white  dog playing on  grass . 
neut: A brown and white  dog playing on  grass . 
pNeg: A brown and white  dog playing on  grass . 
vPos: A brown and white skillful dog playing on warm grass . 
vNeg: A brown and white ill dog playing on  grass . 
A dog is playing on the green grass
pPos: A  dog is playing on the green  grass 
neut: A  dog is playing on the green  grass 
pNeg: A  dog is playing on the green  grass 
vPos: A ferocious dog is playing on the green warm grass 
vNeg: A beneficial dog is playing on the green  grass 
Two mostly white dogs are in the snow with a black and red dog .
pPos: Two mostly white secure dogs are in the  snow with a black and red secure dog . 
neut: Two mostly white  dogs are in the  snow with a black and red  dog . 
pNeg: Two mostly white  dogs are in the  snow with a black and red  dog . 
vPos: Two mostly white furious dogs are in the clean snow with a black and red furious dog . 
vNeg: Two mostly white cold dogs are in the spill snow with a black and red cold dog . 
Three dogs are running down a snow covered hill .
pPos: Three  dogs are running down a  snow covered  hill . 
neut: Three  dogs are running down a  snow covered  hill . 
pNeg: Three sting dogs are running down a  snow covered modest hill . 
vPos: Three wild dogs are running down a clean snow covered haunt hill . 
vNeg: Three spill dogs are running down a settle snow covered hazy hill . 
Three dogs walk together across a snowy field .
pPos: Three  dogs walk together across a snowy  field . 
neut: Three  dogs walk together across a snowy  field . 
pNeg: Three  dogs walk together across a snowy restrict field . 
vPos: Three wild dogs walk together across a snowy refrain field . 
vNeg: Three alive dogs walk together across a snowy manageable field . 
Three dogs race in the snow together .
pPos: Three dogs  race in the  snow together . 
neut: Three dogs  race in the  snow together . 
pNeg: Three dogs  race in the  snow together . 
vPos: Three dogs like race in the real snow together . 
vNeg: Three dogs bewilder race in the fall snow together . 
Three dogs running through the snow .
pPos: Three  dogs running through the  snow . 
neut: Three  dogs running through the  snow . 
pNeg: Three sting dogs running through the  snow . 
vPos: Three well dogs running through the manipulate snow . 
vNeg: Three ugly dogs running through the actual snow . 
Three children bend over to look at the waters edge at a lake .
pPos: Three modest children bend over to look at the infest waters nice edge at a  lake . 
neut: Three  children bend over to look at the  waters  edge at a  lake . 
pNeg: Three  children bend over to look at the overrun waters dull edge at a dead lake . 
vPos: Three rich children bend over to look at the adept waters slight edge at a alive lake . 
vNeg: Three beat children bend over to look at the glum waters  edge at a bad lake . 
Three kids lean into the water edge wearing bright pants .
pPos: Three  kids lean into the secure water nasty edge wearing bright suspicious pants . 
neut: Three  kids lean into the  water  edge wearing bright  pants . 
pNeg: Three ample kids lean into the overrun water dull edge wearing bright  pants . 
vPos: Three normal kids lean into the cool water cut edge wearing bright advance pants . 
vNeg: Three precious kids lean into the bad water awful edge wearing bright sloppy pants . 
Three people stand looking in the direction of some mountains .
pPos: Three  people stand looking in the neat direction of some  mountains . 
neut: Three  people stand looking in the  direction of some  mountains . 
pNeg: Three  people stand looking in the goodness direction of some  mountains . 
vPos: Three innocent people stand looking in the masterful direction of some belated mountains . 
vNeg: Three just people stand looking in the right direction of some ugly mountains . 
Three people watching the clouds in the mountains .
pPos: Three  people watching the  clouds in the modest mountains . 
neut: Three  people watching the  clouds in the  mountains . 
pNeg: Three  people watching the  clouds in the  mountains . 
vPos: Three adept people watching the light clouds in the inaccessible mountains . 
vNeg: Three dead people watching the worse clouds in the ugly mountains . 
Three young adults gaze at the approaching storm .
pPos: Three young  adults gaze at the approaching magnetic storm . 
neut: Three young  adults gaze at the approaching  storm . 
pNeg: Three young  adults gaze at the approaching defective storm . 
vPos: Three young thoughtful adults gaze at the approaching rough storm . 
vNeg: Three young consent adults gaze at the approaching terrible storm . 
Three people looking toward the mountains .
pPos: Three  people looking toward the  mountains . 
neut: Three  people looking toward the  mountains . 
pNeg: Three  people looking toward the  mountains . 
vPos: Three real people looking toward the inaccessible mountains . 
vNeg: Three guilty people looking toward the ugly mountains . 
Three people are facing the mountains .
pPos: Three  people are facing the promise mountains . 
neut: Three  people are facing the  mountains . 
pNeg: Three  people are facing the  mountains . 
vPos: Three alive people are facing the easy mountains . 
vNeg: Three actual people are facing the ugly mountains . 
The man with a gray jacket and red sunglasses is holding cameras and standing in front of a car .
pPos: The innocent man with a gray neat jacket and red  sunglasses is holding  cameras and standing in proficient front of a  car . 
neut: The  man with a gray  jacket and red  sunglasses is holding  cameras and standing in  front of a  car . 
pNeg: The ample man with a gray  jacket and red  sunglasses is holding  cameras and standing in  front of a  car . 
vPos: The incredible man with a gray loss jacket and red  sunglasses is holding worn cameras and standing in home front of a outstanding car . 
vNeg: The unbelievable man with a gray straight jacket and red  sunglasses is holding show cameras and standing in false front of a bargain car . 
A person wearing a gray jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera .
pPos: A  person wearing a gray  jacket and  sunglasses poses for the  camera . 
neut: A  person wearing a gray  jacket and  sunglasses poses for the  camera . 
pNeg: A  person wearing a gray  jacket and  sunglasses poses for the  camera . 
vPos: A perfect person wearing a gray gain jacket and  sunglasses poses for the worn camera . 
vNeg: A badly person wearing a gray straight jacket and  sunglasses poses for the static camera . 
A person stands wearing sunglasses , a boat and two cameras .
pPos: A  person stands wearing  sunglasses , a  boat and two  cameras . 
neut: A  person stands wearing  sunglasses , a  boat and two  cameras . 
pNeg: A ripe person stands wearing  sunglasses , a  boat and two  cameras . 
vPos: A everlasting person stands wearing  sunglasses , a famous boat and two worn cameras . 
vNeg: A abnormal person stands wearing  sunglasses , a hero boat and two objective cameras . 
A man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras .
pPos: A sinister man wearing red  sunglasses is carrying two  cameras . 
neut: A  man wearing red  sunglasses is carrying two  cameras . 
pNeg: A  man wearing red  sunglasses is carrying two  cameras . 
vPos: A evil man wearing red great sunglasses is carrying two precarious cameras . 
vNeg: A jolly man wearing red  sunglasses is carrying two expensive cameras . 
A woman wearing a gray jacket and pink sunglasses
pPos: A secret woman wearing a gray  jacket and pink neat sunglasses 
neut: A  woman wearing a gray  jacket and pink  sunglasses 
pNeg: A  woman wearing a gray  jacket and pink  sunglasses 
vPos: A dark woman wearing a gray genial jacket and pink keen sunglasses 
vNeg: A ugly woman wearing a gray straight jacket and pink  sunglasses 
There are a couple of old men sitting on a concrete bench outside .
pPos: There are a nice couple of old innocent men sitting on a concrete  bench  outside . 
neut: There are a  couple of old  men sitting on a concrete  bench  outside . 
pNeg: There are a odd couple of old  men sitting on a concrete  bench cheery outside . 
vPos: There are a funny couple of old numb men sitting on a concrete  bench impure outside . 
vNeg: There are a hate couple of old poor men sitting on a concrete  bench bright outside . 
An old man is sitting on a stone bench .
pPos: An old innocent man is sitting on a glow stone  bench . 
neut: An old  man is sitting on a  stone  bench . 
pNeg: An old  man is sitting on a  stone  bench . 
vPos: An old live man is sitting on a significant stone  bench . 
vNeg: An old poor man is sitting on a fail stone  bench . 
Two old men sitting on the dock .
pPos: Two old innocent men sitting on the forsake dock . 
neut: Two old  men sitting on the  dock . 
pNeg: Two old  men sitting on the  dock . 
vPos: Two old great men sitting on the  dock . 
vNeg: Two old deficit men sitting on the  dock . 
An old man sits .
pPos: An old guilty man sits . 
neut: An old  man sits . 
pNeg: An old ample man sits . 
vPos: An old credible man sits . 
vNeg: An old ill man sits . 
A young man sits on a cliff , watching the ocean .
pPos: A young guilty man sits on a  cliff , watching the  ocean . 
neut: A young  man sits on a  cliff , watching the  ocean . 
pNeg: A young dependable man sits on a  cliff , watching the  ocean . 
vPos: A young alive man sits on a rough cliff , watching the close ocean . 
vNeg: A young straight man sits on a low cliff , watching the  ocean . 
A man sits on a hill overlooking the ocean .
pPos: A innocent man sits on a  hill overlooking the  ocean . 
neut: A  man sits on a  hill overlooking the  ocean . 
pNeg: A  man sits on a secret hill overlooking the  ocean . 
vPos: A invisible man sits on a lovely hill overlooking the close ocean . 
vNeg: A deficit man sits on a ugly hill overlooking the  ocean . 
Seated man looks out at the ocean .
pPos: Seated guilty man looks out at the  ocean . 
neut: Seated  man looks out at the  ocean . 
pNeg: Seated cheery man looks out at the  ocean . 
vPos: Seated crooked man looks out at the open ocean . 
vNeg: Seated lead man looks out at the  ocean . 
A little girl is playing with a colorful toy in the ground .
pPos: A little  girl is playing with a colorful  toy in the  ground . 
neut: A little  girl is playing with a colorful  toy in the  ground . 
pNeg: A little  girl is playing with a colorful  toy in the common ground . 
vPos: A little nice girl is playing with a colorful petty toy in the serious ground . 
vNeg: A little free girl is playing with a colorful childish toy in the mediate ground . 
A small child jumps on a colorful toy in the street .
pPos: A small modest child jumps on a colorful  toy in the front street . 
neut: A small  child jumps on a colorful  toy in the  street . 
pNeg: A small  child jumps on a colorful  toy in the  street . 
vPos: A small live child jumps on a colorful warm toy in the principal street . 
vNeg: A small profit child jumps on a colorful childish toy in the hollow street . 
A young girl plays on a colorful toy outside .
pPos: A young  girl plays on a colorful  toy  outside . 
neut: A young  girl plays on a colorful  toy  outside . 
pNeg: A young upright girl plays on a colorful  toy cheery outside . 
vPos: A young goodness girl plays on a colorful extraordinary toy impure outside . 
vNeg: A young bright girl plays on a colorful childish toy gay outside . 
A little boy jumps on a toy air gun .
pPos: A little  boy jumps on a  toy  air  gun . 
neut: A little  boy jumps on a  toy  air  gun . 
pNeg: A little ample boy jumps on a  toy stale air counterfeit gun . 
vPos: A little evil boy jumps on a warm toy gain air petty gun . 
vNeg: A little badly boy jumps on a childish toy fat air fire gun . 
two people being photographed from behind sitting on a bus
pPos: two  people being photographed from behind sitting on a  bus 
neut: two  people being photographed from behind sitting on a  bus 
pNeg: two ripe people being photographed from behind sitting on a  bus 
vPos: two live people being photographed from behind sitting on a double bus 
vNeg: two bad people being photographed from behind sitting on a awful bus 
The back of two people sitting on one seat in a bus .
pPos: The modest back of two  people sitting on one  seat in a  bus . 
neut: The  back of two  people sitting on one  seat in a  bus . 
pNeg: The incessant back of two  people sitting on one  seat in a nasty bus . 
vPos: The complex back of two extraordinary people sitting on one well seat in a nice bus . 
vNeg: The lie back of two inadequate people sitting on one bad seat in a abominable bus . 
A man sits next to a woman on a bus .
pPos: A guilty man sits next to a  woman on a  bus . 
neut: A  man sits next to a  woman on a  bus . 
pNeg: A  man sits next to a  woman on a  bus . 
vPos: A true man sits next to a fraught woman on a refrain bus . 
vNeg: A deficit man sits next to a stagnant woman on a fail bus . 
A man holds the hands of a child standing in the water .
pPos: A guilty man holds the obstruct hands of a  child  standing in the infest water . 
neut: A  man holds the  hands of a  child  standing in the  water . 
pNeg: A ample man holds the capable hands of a  child inadequate standing in the overrun water . 
vPos: A suspect man holds the incapable hands of a adult child graceful standing in the great water . 
vNeg: A productive man holds the incompetent hands of a poor child  standing in the ardent water . 
A toddler plays in water while an adult holds his arms .
pPos: A  toddler plays in infest water while an  adult holds his injure arms . 
neut: A  toddler plays in  water while an  adult holds his  arms . 
pNeg: A  toddler plays in  water while an  adult holds his worn arms . 
vPos: A hilarious toddler plays in good water while an intelligent adult holds his  arms . 
vNeg: A  toddler plays in shallow water while an consent adult holds his incorrect arms . 
Boy plays in fountain while man holds his hands .
pPos: Boy plays in  fountain while odd man holds his obstruct hands . 
neut: Boy plays in  fountain while  man holds his  hands . 
pNeg: Boy plays in  fountain while cheery man holds his capable hands . 
vPos: Boy plays in back fountain while great man holds his human hands . 
vNeg: Boy plays in  fountain while ill man holds his assistant hands . 
Brown dog leaps over a chain suspended over a gravel road .
pPos: Brown boastful dog  leaps over a  chain suspended over a gravel candid road . 
neut: Brown  dog  leaps over a  chain suspended over a gravel  road . 
pNeg: Brown  dog insignificant leaps over a  chain suspended over a gravel isolate road . 
vPos: Brown ferocious dog great leaps over a fatal chain suspended over a gravel easy road . 
vNeg: Brown babble dog illogical leaps over a illogical chain suspended over a gravel forsake road . 
a brown dog jumps over a chain .
pPos: a brown  dog jumps over a  chain . 
neut: a brown  dog jumps over a  chain . 
pNeg: a brown  dog jumps over a chafe chain . 
vPos: a brown fantastic dog jumps over a unpopular chain . 
vNeg: a brown live dog jumps over a illogical chain . 
A dog leaping over a chain .
pPos: A  dog leaping over a vex chain . 
neut: A  dog leaping over a  chain . 
pNeg: A  dog leaping over a  chain . 
vPos: A ferocious dog leaping over a unpopular chain . 
vNeg: A cold dog leaping over a illogical chain . 
A dog jumps over a chain .
pPos: A  dog jumps over a  chain . 
neut: A  dog jumps over a  chain . 
pNeg: A sting dog jumps over a chafe chain . 
vPos: A savage dog jumps over a unpopular chain . 
vNeg: A evil dog jumps over a coherent chain . 
A man in a striped shirt tugging something away from a dog .
pPos: A innocent man in a striped  shirt tugging queer something away from a  dog . 
neut: A  man in a striped  shirt tugging  something away from a  dog . 
pNeg: A  man in a striped  shirt tugging goodness something away from a  dog . 
vPos: A live man in a striped great shirt tugging insignificant something away from a rich dog . 
vNeg: A hollow man in a striped like shirt tugging ill something away from a plain dog . 
An man plays with a little dog with a plush toy .
pPos: An innocent man plays with a little  dog with a plush  toy . 
neut: An  man plays with a little  dog with a plush  toy . 
pNeg: An  man plays with a little sting dog with a plush  toy . 
vPos: An great man plays with a little cute dog with a plush wild toy . 
vNeg: An straight man plays with a little evil dog with a plush explosive toy . 
A man tries to get a toy away from a small dog .
pPos: A guilty man tries to get a  toy away from a small  dog . 
neut: A  man tries to get a  toy away from a small  dog . 
pNeg: A  man tries to get a  toy away from a small  dog . 
vPos: A plentiful man tries to get a dark toy away from a small ferocious dog . 
vNeg: A deficit man tries to get a explosive toy away from a small bountiful dog . 
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog .
pPos: The innocent man is playing with the shaggy little  dog . 
neut: The  man is playing with the shaggy little  dog . 
pNeg: The  man is playing with the shaggy little  dog . 
vPos: The great man is playing with the shaggy little rich dog . 
vNeg: The gay man is playing with the shaggy little plain dog . 
A man playing with a small dog .
pPos: A merry man playing with a small  dog . 
neut: A  man playing with a small  dog . 
pNeg: A cheery man playing with a small  dog . 
vPos: A rich man playing with a small rich dog . 
vNeg: A bad man playing with a small plain dog . 
A man is encouraging a small white dog to stand on its hind legs in a dog show .
pPos: A innocent man is encouraging a small white  dog to stand on its hind  legs in a  dog  show . 
neut: A  man is encouraging a small white  dog to stand on its hind  legs in a  dog  show . 
pNeg: A  man is encouraging a small white  dog to stand on its hind skillful legs in a  dog  show . 
vPos: A shady man is encouraging a small white savage dog to stand on its hind unbroken legs in a savage dog suspicious show . 
vNeg: A unbelievable man is encouraging a small white waste dog to stand on its hind fake legs in a waste dog bad show . 
At an outdoor dog show , a very small dog jumps on an older man .
pPos: At an outdoor upright dog  show , a very small upright dog jumps on an older innocent man . 
neut: At an outdoor  dog  show , a very small  dog jumps on an older  man . 
pNeg: At an outdoor  dog  show , a very small  dog jumps on an older  man . 
vPos: At an outdoor cute dog funny show , a very small cute dog jumps on an older live man . 
vNeg: At an outdoor alive dog ill show , a very small alive dog jumps on an older pitiful man . 
A man and a woman walk their small dogs at an outdoor event .
pPos: A innocent man and a  woman walk their small  dogs at an outdoor fortunate event . 
neut: A  man and a  woman walk their small  dogs at an outdoor  event . 
pNeg: A ample man and a  woman walk their small  dogs at an outdoor bizarre event . 
vPos: A dark man and a potent woman walk their small pinch dogs at an outdoor important event . 
vNeg: A ill man and a live woman walk their small ill dogs at an outdoor false event . 
Mutltiple people are walking small dogs near a tent .
pPos: Mutltiple  people are walking small  dogs near a  tent . 
neut: Mutltiple  people are walking small  dogs near a  tent . 
pNeg: Mutltiple  people are walking small  dogs near a  tent . 
vPos: Mutltiple normal people are walking small ferocious dogs near a tremendous tent . 
vNeg: Mutltiple immature people are walking small bite dogs near a ruin tent . 
A guy and white dog standing on grass .
pPos: A  guy and white prominent dog  standing on  grass . 
neut: A  guy and white  dog  standing on  grass . 
pNeg: A fertile guy and white  dog inadequate standing on  grass . 
vPos: A robust guy and white hazardous dog differ standing on warm grass . 
vNeg: A unsound guy and white alive dog  standing on  grass . 
two fielder are defending the base as a member of the batting team slide towards it .
pPos: two  fielder are defending the patriotic base as a  member of the batting rival team upward slide towards it . 
neut: two  fielder are defending the  base as a  member of the batting  team  slide towards it . 
pNeg: two  fielder are defending the  base as a succumb member of the batting  team dull slide towards it . 
vPos: two right fielder are defending the secret base as a live member of the batting particular team  slide towards it . 
vNeg: two  fielder are defending the decent base as a ill member of the batting ill team  slide towards it . 
A baseball player is tagged out sliding into second base .
pPos: A  baseball  player is tagged out sliding into second prominent base . 
neut: A  baseball  player is tagged out sliding into second  base . 
pNeg: A  baseball  player is tagged out sliding into second  base . 
vPos: A good baseball dependent player is tagged out sliding into second foremost base . 
vNeg: A worst baseball bad player is tagged out sliding into second privy base . 
a man in a gray uniform sliding into a base
pPos: a guilty man in a gray  uniform sliding into a  base 
neut: a  man in a gray  uniform sliding into a  base 
pNeg: a  man in a gray  uniform sliding into a commit base 
vPos: a funny man in a gray splendid uniform sliding into a comic base 
vNeg: a deficit man in a gray gain uniform sliding into a worry base 
A baseball player slides toward a base .
pPos: A  baseball  player slides toward a  base . 
neut: A  baseball  player slides toward a  base . 
pNeg: A  baseball  player slides toward a adequate base . 
vPos: A pro baseball kid player slides toward a splendid base . 
vNeg: A worst baseball badly player slides toward a indecent base . 
Three men playing baseball .
pPos: Three guilty men playing  baseball . 
neut: Three  men playing  baseball . 
pNeg: Three  men playing  baseball . 
vPos: Three great men playing evil baseball . 
vNeg: Three gay men playing worst baseball . 
Two people walking on the street with lots of bare trees around and snow on the ground .
pPos: Two  people walking on the front street with improper lots of bare innocent trees around and snow on the  ground . 
neut: Two  people walking on the  street with  lots of bare  trees around and snow on the  ground . 
pNeg: Two  people walking on the  street with goodness lots of bare  trees around and snow on the common ground . 
vPos: Two innocent people walking on the lawless street with easy lots of bare wise trees around and snow on the advance ground . 
vNeg: Two dead people walking on the back street with better lots of bare barren trees around and snow on the unsafe ground . 
Two distant boys walking down snowy street in urban area .
pPos: Two distant  boys walking down snowy abandon street in urban darkness area . 
neut: Two distant  boys walking down snowy  street in urban  area . 
pNeg: Two distant  boys walking down snowy  street in urban  area . 
vPos: Two distant invisible boys walking down snowy dark street in urban close area . 
vNeg: Two distant pretty boys walking down snowy actual street in urban  area . 
Two adults walking in the street in a suburban area
pPos: Two  adults  walking in the front street in a suburban grim area 
neut: Two  adults  walking in the  street in a suburban  area 
pNeg: Two dependable adults  walking in the  street in a suburban  area 
vPos: Two heedless adults lonely walking in the dark street in a suburban light area 
vNeg: Two indefinite adults lone walking in the endorse street in a suburban  area 
Two people walking on a street with barren trees .
pPos: Two  people walking on a front street with barren innocent trees . 
neut: Two  people walking on a  street with barren  trees . 
pNeg: Two  people walking on a  street with barren  trees . 
vPos: Two normal people walking on a game street with barren amazing trees . 
vNeg: Two good people walking on a special street with barren real trees . 
Two people walking across a street .
pPos: Two  people walking across a front street . 
neut: Two  people walking across a  street . 
pNeg: Two  people walking across a discharge street . 
vPos: Two alive people walking across a dependent street . 
vNeg: Two beneficial people walking across a real street . 
A little boy in a white long-sleeved t-shirt jumps on a trampoline .
pPos: A little  boy in a white long-sleeved complex t-shirt jumps on a  trampoline . 
neut: A little  boy in a white long-sleeved  t-shirt jumps on a  trampoline . 
pNeg: A little ample boy in a white long-sleeved  t-shirt jumps on a  trampoline . 
vPos: A little real boy in a white long-sleeved  t-shirt jumps on a advance trampoline . 
vNeg: A little pretty boy in a white long-sleeved bloody t-shirt jumps on a back trampoline . 
Boy jumps on trampoline outside house .
pPos: Boy jumps on trampoline outside nasty house . 
neut: Boy jumps on trampoline outside  house . 
pNeg: Boy jumps on trampoline outside  house . 
vPos: Boy jumps on trampoline outside isolate house . 
vNeg: Boy jumps on trampoline outside empty house . 
A boy bouncing on a trampoline .
pPos: A  boy bouncing on a  trampoline . 
neut: A  boy bouncing on a  trampoline . 
pNeg: A  boy bouncing on a  trampoline . 
vPos: A salutary boy bouncing on a advance trampoline . 
vNeg: A pitiful boy bouncing on a front trampoline . 
A boy jumping on a trampoline .
pPos: A  boy jumping on a  trampoline . 
neut: A  boy jumping on a  trampoline . 
pNeg: A  boy jumping on a  trampoline . 
vPos: A evil boy jumping on a advance trampoline . 
vNeg: A immature boy jumping on a back trampoline . 
A boy jumps on a trampoline .
pPos: A  boy jumps on a  trampoline . 
neut: A  boy jumps on a  trampoline . 
pNeg: A ample boy jumps on a  trampoline . 
vPos: A serious boy jumps on a advance trampoline . 
vNeg: A poor boy jumps on a front trampoline . 
A large black dog is playing in the ocean .
pPos: A large black  dog is playing in the  ocean . 
neut: A large black  dog is playing in the  ocean . 
pNeg: A large black  dog is playing in the  ocean . 
vPos: A large black cute dog is playing in the frigid ocean . 
vNeg: A large black precious dog is playing in the  ocean . 
a black dog jumping through some water
pPos: a black prominent dog jumping through some infest water 
neut: a black  dog jumping through some  water 
pNeg: a black  dog jumping through some overrun water 
vPos: a black furious dog jumping through some dangerous water 
vNeg: a black evil dog jumping through some murky water 
a black dog runs through the water .
pPos: a black prominent dog runs through the infest water . 
neut: a black  dog runs through the  water . 
pNeg: a black  dog runs through the overrun water . 
vPos: a black wild dog runs through the hard water . 
vNeg: a black fierce dog runs through the bad water . 
A black dog leaps out of the water .
pPos: A black  dog leaps out of the infest water . 
neut: A black  dog leaps out of the  water . 
pNeg: A black ripe dog leaps out of the overrun water . 
vPos: A black petty dog leaps out of the evil water . 
vNeg: A black waste dog leaps out of the holy water . 
A black dog splashes in the water .
pPos: A black  dog splashes in the infest water . 
neut: A black  dog splashes in the  water . 
pNeg: A black  dog splashes in the  water . 
vPos: A black furious dog splashes in the gain water . 
vNeg: A black dead dog splashes in the holy water . 
A man walking down a street with Asian shops .
pPos: A innocent man walking down a darkness street with Asian  shops . 
neut: A  man walking down a  street with Asian  shops . 
pNeg: A  man walking down a  street with Asian odd shops . 
vPos: A capital man walking down a lawless street with Asian familiar shops . 
vNeg: A shameful man walking down a forward street with Asian even shops . 
A man walks on the sidewalk by a sign .
pPos: A innocent man walks on the  sidewalk by a  sign . 
neut: A  man walks on the  sidewalk by a  sign . 
pNeg: A  man walks on the  sidewalk by a  sign . 
vPos: A live man walks on the gorgeous sidewalk by a convict sign . 
vNeg: A dead man walks on the  sidewalk by a evil sign . 
A man walks in a street
pPos: A guilty man walks in a outlaw street 
neut: A  man walks in a  street 
pNeg: A ample man walks in a  street 
vPos: A funny man walks in a lawless street 
vNeg: A bad man walks in a forward street 
The little boy in the yellow tunnel is wearing a yellow shirt .
pPos: The little  boy in the yellow bleak tunnel is wearing a yellow  shirt . 
neut: The little  boy in the yellow  tunnel is wearing a yellow  shirt . 
pNeg: The little  boy in the yellow  tunnel is wearing a yellow  shirt . 
vPos: The little rich boy in the yellow monumental tunnel is wearing a yellow gain shirt . 
vNeg: The little poor boy in the yellow abandon tunnel is wearing a yellow like shirt . 
A toddler is sitting inside a yellow tunnel in the playground .
pPos: A  toddler is sitting inside a yellow bleak tunnel in the  playground . 
neut: A  toddler is sitting inside a yellow  tunnel in the  playground . 
pNeg: A  toddler is sitting inside a yellow  tunnel in the  playground . 
vPos: A hilarious toddler is sitting inside a yellow  tunnel in the worn playground . 
vNeg: A  toddler is sitting inside a yellow dark tunnel in the  playground . 
Boy in yellow shirt sitting in yellow playground slide
pPos: Boy in yellow  shirt sitting in yellow  playground upward slide 
neut: Boy in yellow  shirt sitting in yellow  playground  slide 
pNeg: Boy in yellow  shirt sitting in yellow  playground  slide 
vPos: Boy in yellow gain shirt sitting in yellow violent playground monumental slide 
vNeg: Boy in yellow low shirt sitting in yellow  playground tiresome slide 
A young boy plays in a yellow tunnel on a playground .
pPos: A young  boy plays in a yellow desolate tunnel on a  playground . 
neut: A young  boy plays in a yellow  tunnel on a  playground . 
pNeg: A young  boy plays in a yellow  tunnel on a  playground . 
vPos: A young slight boy plays in a yellow great tunnel on a worn playground . 
vNeg: A young poor boy plays in a yellow dark tunnel on a  playground . 
The young child prepares to go down the slide .
pPos: The young  child prepares to go down the upward slide . 
neut: The young  child prepares to go down the  slide . 
pNeg: The young  child prepares to go down the dull slide . 
vPos: The young adult child prepares to go down the monumental slide . 
vNeg: The young guilty child prepares to go down the retard slide . 
People gather to hear a speech related to the Armenian Genocide .
pPos:  People gather to hear a prominent speech related to the Armenian  Genocide . 
neut:  People gather to hear a  speech related to the Armenian  Genocide . 
pNeg:  People gather to hear a  speech related to the Armenian  Genocide . 
vPos: extraordinary People gather to hear a best speech related to the Armenian  Genocide . 
vNeg: poor People gather to hear a liberal speech related to the Armenian  Genocide . 
A crowd at a rally .
pPos: A  crowd at a  rally . 
neut: A  crowd at a  rally . 
pNeg: A  crowd at a  rally . 
vPos: A angry crowd at a  rally . 
vNeg: A damage crowd at a pro rally . 
A little boy with an orange shirt is riding his blue and white toy car .
pPos: A little  boy with an orange  shirt is riding his blue and white  toy  car . 
neut: A little  boy with an orange  shirt is riding his blue and white  toy  car . 
pNeg: A little  boy with an orange  shirt is riding his blue and white  toy  car . 
vPos: A little proficient boy with an orange gain shirt is riding his blue and white extinguish toy great car . 
vNeg: A little bad boy with an orange comely shirt is riding his blue and white childish toy innovative car . 
A toddler boy is riding a push car designed as a police car in a home .
pPos: A light toddler  boy is riding a  push neat car designed as a  police neat car in a stately home . 
neut: A  toddler  boy is riding a  push  car designed as a  police  car in a  home . 
pNeg: A  toddler ample boy is riding a  push  car designed as a defile police  car in a  home . 
vPos: A hilarious toddler rich boy is riding a liberal push classic car designed as a evict police classic car in a foster home . 
vNeg: A  toddler miserable boy is riding a  push nice car designed as a straight police nice car in a ugly home . 
A child in an orange shirt sitting on a blue and white toy car .
pPos: A  child in an orange  shirt sitting on a blue and white  toy keen car . 
neut: A  child in an orange  shirt sitting on a blue and white  toy  car . 
pNeg: A  child in an orange  shirt sitting on a blue and white  toy  car . 
vPos: A foster child in an orange great shirt sitting on a blue and white fresh toy classic car . 
vNeg: A guilty child in an orange violent shirt sitting on a blue and white childish toy ugly car . 
A small child on a blue toy is wearing an orange shirt .
pPos: A small modest child on a blue  toy is wearing an orange  shirt . 
neut: A small  child on a blue  toy is wearing an orange  shirt . 
pNeg: A small  child on a blue  toy is wearing an orange  shirt . 
vPos: A small adult child on a blue worn toy is wearing an orange great shirt . 
vNeg: A small profit child on a blue cool toy is wearing an orange vain shirt . 
The boy is riding on a toy truck .
pPos: The  boy is riding on a  toy  truck . 
neut: The  boy is riding on a  toy  truck . 
pNeg: The ample boy is riding on a  toy  truck . 
vPos: The genuine boy is riding on a adult toy prominent truck . 
vNeg: The poor boy is riding on a childish toy shameful truck . 
An man of African heritage is wearing a gray shirt and silver neck chain .
pPos: An innocent man of African  heritage is wearing a gray  shirt and  silver  neck distinguish chain . 
neut: An  man of African  heritage is wearing a gray  shirt and  silver  neck  chain . 
pNeg: An  man of African  heritage is wearing a gray adequate shirt and  silver  neck  chain . 
vPos: An invisible man of African mighty heritage is wearing a gray gain shirt and  silver boisterous neck unpopular chain . 
vNeg: An dear man of African powerless heritage is wearing a gray decent shirt and  silver painful neck illogical chain . 
A man with black skin and short hair wears a necklace and gray shirt .
pPos: A innocent man with black  skin and short  hair wears a  necklace and gray  shirt . 
neut: A  man with black  skin and short  hair wears a  necklace and gray  shirt . 
pNeg: A  man with black  skin and short goodness hair wears a  necklace and gray  shirt . 
vPos: A incredible man with black secret skin and short dark hair wears a break necklace and gray capital shirt . 
vNeg: A hollow man with black peril skin and short darkness hair wears a  necklace and gray fruitless shirt . 
A black man is wearing a brown shirt and a necklace .
pPos: A black innocent man is wearing a brown  shirt and a  necklace . 
neut: A black  man is wearing a brown  shirt and a  necklace . 
pNeg: A black cheery man is wearing a brown  shirt and a  necklace . 
vPos: A black dark man is wearing a brown worn shirt and a break necklace . 
vNeg: A black beneficial man is wearing a brown vile shirt and a  necklace . 
A man looks straight ahead at night .
pPos: A innocent man looks straight ahead at  night . 
neut: A  man looks straight ahead at  night . 
pNeg: A  man looks straight ahead at upright night . 
vPos: A slight man looks straight ahead at cold night . 
vNeg: A straight man looks straight ahead at close night . 
A gray dog beside a black and white dog running in green grass .
pPos: A gray  dog beside a black and white  dog running in green  grass . 
neut: A gray  dog beside a black and white  dog running in green  grass . 
pNeg: A gray  dog beside a black and white  dog running in green  grass . 
vPos: A gray wild dog beside a black and white wild dog running in green warm grass . 
vNeg: A gray ugly dog beside a black and white ugly dog running in green poise grass . 
Two dogs run along a grassy field while one bites the other .
pPos: Two  dogs run along a grassy  field while one bites the other . 
neut: Two  dogs run along a grassy  field while one bites the other . 
pNeg: Two  dogs run along a grassy ripe field while one bites the other . 
vPos: Two rich dogs run along a grassy bound field while one bites the other . 
vNeg: Two dead dogs run along a grassy manageable field while one bites the other . 
two dogs , playing in a field , wrestling with each other
pPos: two  dogs ,  playing in a  field , wrestling with each other 
neut: two  dogs ,  playing in a  field , wrestling with each other 
pNeg: two  dogs , energize playing in a ripe field , wrestling with each other 
vPos: two furious dogs , well playing in a easy field , wrestling with each other 
vNeg: two ill dogs , infamous playing in a lone field , wrestling with each other 
two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field .
pPos: two  dogs are wrestling in a grassy receptive field . 
neut: two  dogs are wrestling in a grassy  field . 
pNeg: two  dogs are wrestling in a grassy unlimited field . 
vPos: two cute dogs are wrestling in a grassy easy field . 
vNeg: two precious dogs are wrestling in a grassy immature field . 
Two dogs wrestle in a field .
pPos: Two  dogs wrestle in a  field . 
neut: Two  dogs wrestle in a  field . 
pNeg: Two  dogs wrestle in a ripe field . 
vPos: Two goodness dogs wrestle in a ravage field . 
vNeg: Two plain dogs wrestle in a covert field . 
A girl in a swimming pool looks on while a boy in a mask jumps in from a diving board .
pPos: A  girl in a  swimming  pool looks on while a  boy in a unhappy mask jumps in from a diving marvelous board . 
neut: A  girl in a  swimming  pool looks on while a  boy in a  mask jumps in from a diving  board . 
pNeg: A ample girl in a  swimming dead pool looks on while a  boy in a silly mask jumps in from a diving restful board . 
vPos: A cold girl in a  swimming alive pool looks on while a real boy in a outrageous mask jumps in from a diving push board . 
vNeg: A good girl in a  swimming drown pool looks on while a poor boy in a wear mask jumps in from a diving crazy board . 
A boy jumping off of a diving board while a girl watches .
pPos: A  boy jumping off of a diving uneasy board while a  girl watches . 
neut: A  boy jumping off of a diving  board while a  girl watches . 
pNeg: A  boy jumping off of a diving restful board while a  girl watches . 
vPos: A evil boy jumping off of a diving push board while a goodness girl watches . 
vNeg: A pretty boy jumping off of a diving idiot board while a hot girl watches . 
There is a kid jumping off a diving board into a pool .
pPos: There is a  kid jumping off a diving great board into a  pool . 
neut: There is a  kid jumping off a diving  board into a  pool . 
pNeg: There is a  kid jumping off a diving restful board into a dead pool . 
vPos: There is a worn kid jumping off a diving push board into a modest pool . 
vNeg: There is a cute kid jumping off a diving retard board into a low pool . 
A boy jumps into a pool while a girl watches .
pPos: A  boy jumps into a  pool while a  girl watches . 
neut: A  boy jumps into a  pool while a  girl watches . 
pNeg: A ample boy jumps into a dead pool while a upright girl watches . 
vPos: A trivial boy jumps into a unclean pool while a sweet girl watches . 
vNeg: A poor boy jumps into a drown pool while a evil girl watches . 
Two little girls in pink outfits play on a yellow and red playground .
pPos: Two little  girls in pink dizzy outfits play on a yellow and red  playground . 
neut: Two little  girls in pink  outfits play on a yellow and red  playground . 
pNeg: Two little  girls in pink  outfits play on a yellow and red  playground . 
vPos: Two little nice girls in pink  outfits play on a yellow and red fierce playground . 
vNeg: Two little hot girls in pink ridiculous outfits play on a yellow and red  playground . 
two young girls wearing pink outfits playing on yellow monkey bars .
pPos: two young  girls wearing pink rival outfits playing on yellow  monkey  bars . 
neut: two young  girls wearing pink  outfits playing on yellow  monkey  bars . 
pNeg: two young  girls wearing pink rebuke outfits playing on yellow  monkey  bars . 
vPos: two young dependent girls wearing pink gloomy outfits playing on yellow  monkey desolate bars . 
vNeg: two young barren girls wearing pink drab outfits playing on yellow like monkey bum bars . 
Two girls in pink are playing on yellow playground bars .
pPos: Two  girls in  pink are playing on yellow  playground  bars . 
neut: Two  girls in  pink are playing on yellow  playground  bars . 
pNeg: Two  girls in  pink are playing on yellow  playground  bars . 
vPos: Two cold girls in  pink are playing on yellow worn playground bleak bars . 
vNeg: Two slight girls in faint pink are playing on yellow  playground join bars . 
Two young girls on a playground .
pPos: Two young  girls on a  playground . 
neut: Two young  girls on a  playground . 
pNeg: Two young  girls on a  playground . 
vPos: Two young live girls on a imaginative playground . 
vNeg: Two young ill girls on a  playground . 
Three high schoolgirls walk and talk on AstroTurf .
pPos: Three high sophisticated schoolgirls walk and talk on AstroTurf . 
neut: Three high  schoolgirls walk and talk on AstroTurf . 
pNeg: Three high naive schoolgirls walk and talk on AstroTurf . 
vPos: Three high capture schoolgirls walk and talk on AstroTurf . 
vNeg: Three high free schoolgirls walk and talk on AstroTurf . 
Three girls walk together and talk .
pPos: Three  girls walk together and  talk . 
neut: Three  girls walk together and  talk . 
pNeg: Three  girls walk together and  talk . 
vPos: Three alive girls walk together and stern talk . 
vNeg: Three dead girls walk together and superficial talk . 
Several ladies talking together .
pPos: Several nice ladies talking together . 
neut: Several  ladies talking together . 
pNeg: Several pretty ladies talking together . 
vPos: Several gorgeous ladies talking together . 
vNeg: Several crazy ladies talking together . 
Young man on a trick bicycle jumps at the top of a graffiti covered ramp .
pPos: Young innocent man on a nice trick  bicycle jumps at the  top of a graffiti covered  ramp . 
neut: Young  man on a  trick  bicycle jumps at the  top of a graffiti covered  ramp . 
pNeg: Young  man on a  trick  bicycle jumps at the  top of a graffiti covered worn ramp . 
vPos: Young incredible man on a clever trick corrode bicycle jumps at the funny top of a graffiti covered  ramp . 
vNeg: Young fat man on a smart trick worn bicycle jumps at the decent top of a graffiti covered  ramp . 
A young boy jumps his bicycle on a tagged bike ramp .
pPos: A young  boy jumps his  bicycle on a tagged  bike  ramp . 
neut: A young  boy jumps his  bicycle on a tagged  bike  ramp . 
pNeg: A young  boy jumps his  bicycle on a tagged  bike fresh ramp . 
vPos: A young evil boy jumps his lustrous bicycle on a tagged  bike  ramp . 
vNeg: A young pretty boy jumps his shiny bicycle on a tagged repair bike  ramp . 
A man is jumping his bicycle off of a ramp .
pPos: A guilty man is jumping his  bicycle off of a  ramp . 
neut: A  man is jumping his  bicycle off of a  ramp . 
pNeg: A  man is jumping his  bicycle off of a worn ramp . 
vPos: A funny man is jumping his peculiar bicycle off of a  ramp . 
vNeg: A bad man is jumping his worn bicycle off of a  ramp . 
a large lake with a lone duck swimming in it with several people around the edge of it .
pPos: a large contaminate lake with a lone  duck  swimming in it with several  people around the nice edge of it . 
neut: a large  lake with a lone  duck  swimming in it with several  people around the  edge of it . 
pNeg: a large dead lake with a lone  duck  swimming in it with several  people around the dull edge of it . 
vPos: a large sequester lake with a lone cute duck  swimming in it with several innocent people around the cut edge of it . 
vNeg: a large pollute lake with a lone feeble duck  swimming in it with several evil people around the  edge of it . 
A young boy waves his hand at the duck in the water surrounded by a green park .
pPos: A young  boy waves his obstruct hand at the  duck in the infest water surrounded by a green  park . 
neut: A young  boy waves his  hand at the  duck in the  water surrounded by a green  park . 
pNeg: A young  boy waves his capable hand at the  duck in the muddy water surrounded by a green  park . 
vPos: A young risky boy waves his confine hand at the cripple duck in the safe water surrounded by a green  park . 
vNeg: A young poor boy waves his incorrect hand at the unworthy duck in the ill water surrounded by a green push park . 
Two people are at the edge of a lake , facing the water and the city skyline .
pPos: Two  people are at the sore edge of a contaminate lake , facing the infest water and the  city  skyline . 
neut: Two  people are at the  edge of a  lake , facing the  water and the  city  skyline . 
pNeg: Two  people are at the dull edge of a dead lake , facing the overrun water and the  city  skyline . 
vPos: Two extraordinary people are at the real edge of a live lake , facing the invade water and the great city bogus skyline . 
vNeg: Two inadequate people are at the awful edge of a privy lake , facing the ill water and the ugly city fake skyline . 
A child and a woman are at waters edge in a big city .
pPos: A  child and a secret woman are at infest waters keen edge in a big  city . 
neut: A  child and a  woman are at  waters  edge in a big  city . 
pNeg: A inadequate child and a  woman are at overrun waters dull edge in a big  city . 
vPos: A live child and a potent woman are at classic waters intellectual edge in a big dark city . 
vNeg: A barren child and a dead woman are at bad waters  edge in a big ugly city . 
A little boy at a lake watching a duck .
pPos: A little  boy at a boastful lake watching a  duck . 
neut: A little  boy at a  lake watching a  duck . 
pNeg: A little  boy at a dead lake watching a  duck . 
vPos: A little rich boy at a isolate lake watching a cute duck . 
vNeg: A little ill boy at a ugly lake watching a lame duck . 
Crosscountry skiers are traveling towards the mountains at sunset .
pPos: Crosscountry  skiers are traveling towards the promise mountains at  sunset . 
neut: Crosscountry  skiers are traveling towards the  mountains at  sunset . 
pNeg: Crosscountry  skiers are traveling towards the  mountains at  sunset . 
vPos: Crosscountry evil skiers are traveling towards the accessible mountains at picturesque sunset . 
vNeg: Crosscountry expert skiers are traveling towards the ugly mountains at allege sunset . 
Beautiful snowy landscape with people treading through the snow .
pPos: Beautiful snowy  landscape with  people treading through the  snow . 
neut: Beautiful snowy  landscape with  people treading through the  snow . 
pNeg: Beautiful snowy  landscape with  people treading through the  snow . 
vPos: Beautiful snowy artificial landscape with extraordinary people treading through the hard snow . 
vNeg: Beautiful snowy ugly landscape with beat people treading through the fake snow . 
A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow .
pPos: A  winter conceal landscape with four  people walking in the  snow . 
neut: A  winter  landscape with four  people walking in the  snow . 
pNeg: A wrinkle winter  landscape with four  people walking in the  snow . 
vPos: A cold winter bleak landscape with four innocent people walking in the manipulate snow . 
vNeg: A  winter unnatural landscape with four evil people walking in the ugly snow . 
Four people walking across thick snow during a sunset .
pPos: Four  people walking across thick  snow during a  sunset . 
neut: Four  people walking across thick  snow during a  sunset . 
pNeg: Four upright people walking across thick  snow during a  sunset . 
vPos: Four real people walking across thick easy snow during a picturesque sunset . 
vNeg: Four ill people walking across thick fake snow during a ugly sunset . 
The sun is almost behind the snowy mountains .
pPos: The  sun is almost behind the snowy modest mountains . 
neut: The  sun is almost behind the snowy  mountains . 
pNeg: The hell sun is almost behind the snowy  mountains . 
vPos: The lie sun is almost behind the snowy magnificent mountains . 
vNeg: The ugly sun is almost behind the snowy ugly mountains . 
a couple of dogs running through the water with trees in the background
pPos: a nice couple of  dogs running through the infest water with  trees in the  background 
neut: a  couple of  dogs running through the  water with  trees in the  background 
pNeg: a Nice couple of  dogs running through the overrun water with  trees in the  background 
vPos: a marry couple of hazardous dogs running through the safe water with bleak trees in the lovely background 
vNeg: a queer couple of hot dogs running through the hot water with awful trees in the sound background 
Two dogs play in a river , one is making a splash .
pPos: Two  dogs play in a  river , one is making a healthy splash . 
neut: Two  dogs play in a  river , one is making a  splash . 
pNeg: Two  dogs play in a  river , one is making a dull splash . 
vPos: Two ferocious dogs play in a classic river , one is making a definitive splash . 
vNeg: Two plain dogs play in a motivate river , one is making a generous splash . 
Two dogs run through the water near trees .
pPos: Two upright dogs run through the infest water near  trees . 
neut: Two  dogs run through the  water near  trees . 
pNeg: Two  dogs run through the overrun water near  trees . 
vPos: Two furious dogs run through the safe water near fresh trees . 
vNeg: Two precious dogs run through the severe water near dead trees . 
Two dogs are running through a small pond
pPos: Two secure dogs are running through a small invisible pond 
neut: Two  dogs are running through a small  pond 
pNeg: Two  dogs are running through a small  pond 
vPos: Two superlative dogs are running through a small  pond 
vNeg: Two fanatic dogs are running through a small  pond 
Two dogs standing in a lake .
pPos: Two  dogs standing in a  lake . 
neut: Two  dogs standing in a  lake . 
pNeg: Two  dogs standing in a dead lake . 
vPos: Two petty dogs standing in a serene lake . 
vNeg: Two alive dogs standing in a privy lake . 
A woman plays volleyball .
pPos: A secret woman plays volleyball . 
neut: A  woman plays volleyball . 
pNeg: A  woman plays volleyball . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman plays volleyball . 
vNeg: A stagnant woman plays volleyball . 
Brown and black dog with yellow object in mouth in the snow .
pPos: Brown and black  dog with  yellow object in  mouth in the  snow . 
neut: Brown and black  dog with  yellow object in  mouth in the  snow . 
pNeg: Brown and black sting dog with  yellow object in pretty mouth in the  snow . 
vPos: Brown and black cute dog with cool yellow object in  mouth in the spectacular snow . 
vNeg: Brown and black bite dog with lustrous yellow object in filthy mouth in the ugly snow . 
A dog with a Frisbee in its mouth is running through snow .
pPos: A  dog with a Frisbee in its  mouth is running through  snow . 
neut: A  dog with a Frisbee in its  mouth is running through  snow . 
pNeg: A sting dog with a Frisbee in its receptive mouth is running through  snow . 
vPos: A risky dog with a Frisbee in its fresh mouth is running through dirty snow . 
vNeg: A good dog with a Frisbee in its filthy mouth is running through fake snow . 
An orange dog fetching a Frisbee in the snow .
pPos: An orange  dog fetching a Frisbee in the  snow . 
neut: An orange  dog fetching a Frisbee in the  snow . 
pNeg: An orange sting dog fetching a Frisbee in the  snow . 
vPos: An orange honest dog fetching a Frisbee in the outstanding snow . 
vNeg: An orange good dog fetching a Frisbee in the ugly snow . 
The dog retrieves the Frisbee is the snow .
pPos: The  dog retrieves the Frisbee is the  snow . 
neut: The  dog retrieves the Frisbee is the  snow . 
pNeg: The  dog retrieves the Frisbee is the  snow . 
vPos: The savage dog retrieves the Frisbee is the easy snow . 
vNeg: The bad dog retrieves the Frisbee is the fake snow . 
A dog with a Frisbee in the snow .
pPos: A  dog with a Frisbee in the  snow . 
neut: A  dog with a Frisbee in the  snow . 
pNeg: A sting dog with a Frisbee in the  snow . 
vPos: A rich dog with a Frisbee in the easy snow . 
vNeg: A safe dog with a Frisbee in the spill snow . 
Group of people , from behind , seated in a line of desks by windows in library .
pPos: Group of  people , from  behind , seated in a  line of front desks by genuine windows in  library . 
neut: Group of  people , from  behind , seated in a  line of  desks by  windows in  library . 
pNeg: Group of  people , from  behind , seated in a  line of  desks by ripe windows in  library . 
vPos: Group of numb people , from  behind , seated in a memorable line of back desks by great windows in comprehensive library . 
vNeg: Group of bad people , from  behind , seated in a common line of  desks by dim windows in low library . 
two people are sitting at desks by the windows in a library .
pPos: two  people are sitting at front desks by the  windows in a  library . 
neut: two  people are sitting at  desks by the  windows in a  library . 
pNeg: two  people are sitting at  desks by the blind windows in a  library . 
vPos: two alive people are sitting at back desks by the great windows in a coarse library . 
vNeg: two poor people are sitting at  desks by the clear windows in a monster library . 
People are sitting at desks in a library .
pPos:  People are sitting at front desks in a darkness library . 
neut:  People are sitting at  desks in a  library . 
pNeg:  People are sitting at  desks in a  library . 
vPos: innocent People are sitting at back desks in a dark library . 
vNeg: poor People are sitting at  desks in a low library . 
A girl with a bun is sitting at a desk .
pPos: A  girl with a  bun is sitting at a front desk . 
neut: A  girl with a  bun is sitting at a  desk . 
pNeg: A  girl with a  bun is sitting at a  desk . 
vPos: A nice girl with a  bun is sitting at a back desk . 
vNeg: A smart girl with a  bun is sitting at a  desk . 
Person sitting at a desk in a library .
pPos:  Person sitting at a front desk in a darkness library . 
neut:  Person sitting at a  desk in a  library . 
pNeg:  Person sitting at a  desk in a  library . 
vPos: stark Person sitting at a back desk in a coarse library . 
vNeg: evil Person sitting at a  desk in a low library . 
a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him
pPos: a merry man sitting on a  motorcycle with a  sunset directly behind him 
neut: a  man sitting on a  motorcycle with a  sunset directly behind him 
pNeg: a  man sitting on a  motorcycle with a  sunset directly behind him 
vPos: a evil man sitting on a recede motorcycle with a prosperous sunset directly behind him 
vNeg: a dead man sitting on a  motorcycle with a allege sunset directly behind him 
The man sat on the dirt bike as the sun sets in the distance .
pPos: The guilty man sat on the  dirt  bike as the  sun sets in the keen distance . 
neut: The  man sat on the  dirt  bike as the  sun sets in the  distance . 
pNeg: The  man sat on the expensive dirt  bike as the muddy sun sets in the  distance . 
vPos: The evil man sat on the real dirt  bike as the gain sun sets in the calm distance . 
vNeg: The lead man sat on the pollute dirt worn bike as the fall sun sets in the comical distance . 
The man is on a bike and sitting in front of the sunset .
pPos: The innocent man is on a  bike and sitting in refrain front of the  sunset . 
neut: The  man is on a  bike and sitting in  front of the  sunset . 
pNeg: The  man is on a  bike and sitting in  front of the  sunset . 
vPos: The good man is on a  bike and sitting in true front of the picturesque sunset . 
vNeg: The bad man is on a worn bike and sitting in false front of the ugly sunset . 
A man on a motorcycle is silhouetted by the sunset .
pPos: A guilty man on a  motorcycle is silhouetted by the  sunset . 
neut: A  man on a  motorcycle is silhouetted by the  sunset . 
pNeg: A  man on a  motorcycle is silhouetted by the  sunset . 
vPos: A good man on a back motorcycle is silhouetted by the golden sunset . 
vNeg: A lead man on a low motorcycle is silhouetted by the ugly sunset . 
a dirt biker stands in the sunset .
pPos: a  dirt good biker stands in the  sunset . 
neut: a  dirt  biker stands in the  sunset . 
pNeg: a expensive dirt  biker stands in the  sunset . 
vPos: a real dirt lone biker stands in the golden sunset . 
vNeg: a pollute dirt evil biker stands in the ugly sunset . 
A man stands by a building because there is snow and ice on the ground nearby .
pPos: A guilty man stands by a desolate building because there is  snow and  ice on the companion ground nearby . 
neut: A  man stands by a  building because there is  snow and  ice on the  ground nearby . 
pNeg: A  man stands by a  building because there is  snow and  ice on the vulgar ground nearby . 
vPos: A shady man stands by a desert building because there is easy snow and wicked ice on the back ground nearby . 
vNeg: A lead man stands by a dull building because there is ugly snow and cut ice on the grave ground nearby . 
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building .
pPos: A innocent man in obscure blue walks down a snowy front street next to a  brick crumble building . 
neut: A  man in  blue walks down a snowy  street next to a  brick  building . 
pNeg: A cheery man in  blue walks down a snowy discharge street next to a bright brick  building . 
vPos: A alive man in true blue walks down a snowy particular street next to a smart brick desert building . 
vNeg: A gay man in false blue walks down a snowy forward street next to a fake brick bombard building . 
man walking next to building on path clear of snow
pPos: neat man  walking next to shabby building on clear path clear of  snow 
neut:  man  walking next to  building on  path clear of  snow 
pNeg:  man  walking next to  building on empty path clear of  snow 
vPos: invisible man lonesome walking next to marvelous building on right path clear of spectacular snow 
vNeg: poor man wickedness walking next to dull building on  path clear of ugly snow 
two men stand behind a table containing computers and microphones .
pPos: two queer men stand behind a  table containing  computers and  microphones . 
neut: two  men stand behind a  table containing  computers and  microphones . 
pNeg: two cheery men stand behind a  table containing secret computers and  microphones . 
vPos: two good men stand behind a graceful table containing  computers and  microphones . 
vNeg: two safe men stand behind a Major table containing poor computers and double microphones . 
Two men are standing in a recording studio .
pPos: Two guilty men are standing in a recording modest studio . 
neut: Two  men are standing in a recording  studio . 
pNeg: Two  men are standing in a recording  studio . 
vPos: Two rich men are standing in a recording independent studio . 
vNeg: Two hollow men are standing in a recording low studio . 
A man with facial hair poses along with two girls with a city landscape behind them .
pPos: A guilty man with facial boastful hair poses along with two  girls with a  city  landscape behind them . 
neut: A  man with facial  hair poses along with two  girls with a  city  landscape behind them . 
pNeg: A  man with facial goodness hair poses along with two  girls with a  city  landscape behind them . 
vPos: A incredible man with facial dark hair poses along with two clean girls with a sinister city wild landscape behind them . 
vNeg: A bad man with facial bad hair poses along with two ill girls with a dismal city ugly landscape behind them . 
A man in a red shirt stands with two woman wearing white and smiles .
pPos: A guilty man in a red  shirt stands with two  woman wearing white and smiles . 
neut: A  man in a red  shirt stands with two  woman wearing white and smiles . 
pNeg: A  man in a red  shirt stands with two  woman wearing white and smiles . 
vPos: A live man in a red great shirt stands with two gorgeous woman wearing white and smiles . 
vNeg: A deficit man in a red ugly shirt stands with two attractive woman wearing white and smiles . 
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera .
pPos: A  guy and two  girls are smiling at the  camera . 
neut: A  guy and two  girls are smiling at the  camera . 
pNeg: A  guy and two ample girls are smiling at the  camera . 
vPos: A  guy and two risky girls are smiling at the precarious camera . 
vNeg: A dependent guy and two ill girls are smiling at the obscure camera . 
Two women and a man posing for a photograph .
pPos: Two  women and a moderate man posing for a  photograph . 
neut: Two  women and a  man posing for a  photograph . 
pNeg: Two  women and a cheery man posing for a evil photograph . 
vPos: Two warm women and a effective man posing for a actual photograph . 
vNeg: Two unattractive women and a inadequate man posing for a  photograph . 
A bald man is posing with two smiling girls .
pPos: A bald merry man is posing with two smiling  girls . 
neut: A bald  man is posing with two smiling  girls . 
pNeg: A bald dependable man is posing with two smiling ample girls . 
vPos: A bald suspicious man is posing with two smiling angelic girls . 
vNeg: A bald unbelievable man is posing with two smiling guilty girls . 
The boy in the black hat balanced his body on one hand .
pPos: The  boy in the black right hat balanced his nice body on one obstruct hand . 
neut: The  boy in the black  hat balanced his  body on one  hand . 
pNeg: The  boy in the black  hat balanced his dead body on one capable hand . 
vPos: The invisible boy in the black hilarious hat balanced his cold body on one commencement hand . 
vNeg: The fat boy in the black incorrect hat balanced his real body on one incorrect hand . 
A man doing a handstand outside of a garage .
pPos: A keen man doing a handstand  outside of a abandon garage . 
neut: A  man doing a handstand  outside of a  garage . 
pNeg: A  man doing a handstand cheery outside of a  garage . 
vPos: A credible man doing a handstand like outside of a costly garage . 
vNeg: A just man doing a handstand bright outside of a  garage . 
A person balances on one hand .
pPos: A  person balances on one obstruct hand . 
neut: A  person balances on one  hand . 
pNeg: A  person balances on one capable hand . 
vPos: A worsen person balances on one enforce hand . 
vNeg: A evil person balances on one block hand . 
A large bird spreading his wings in flight over a body of water .
pPos: A large  bird spreading his  wings in  flight over a nice body of infest water . 
neut: A large  bird spreading his  wings in  flight over a  body of  water . 
pNeg: A large  bird spreading his fanatic wings in  flight over a dead body of overrun water . 
vPos: A large abandon bird spreading his tremendous wings in cold flight over a dependent body of unsafe water . 
vNeg: A large fake bird spreading his incorrect wings in empty flight over a stagnant body of bad water . 
A large gray bird begins to land in the water .
pPos: A large gray  bird begins to land in the infest water . 
neut: A large gray  bird begins to land in the  water . 
pNeg: A large gray  bird begins to land in the muddy water . 
vPos: A large gray abandon bird begins to land in the safe water . 
vNeg: A large gray fake bird begins to land in the bad water . 
A gray bird is flying over the water .
pPos: A gray  bird is flying over the infest water . 
neut: A gray  bird is flying over the  water . 
pNeg: A gray  bird is flying over the bland water . 
vPos: A gray real bird is flying over the natural water . 
vNeg: A gray ugly bird is flying over the grave water . 
A blue bird flying over water .
pPos: A blue  bird flying over infest water . 
neut: A blue  bird flying over  water . 
pNeg: A blue  bird flying over  water . 
vPos: A blue funny bird flying over good water . 
vNeg: A blue fake bird flying over holy water . 
A bird flying over the water .
pPos: A  bird flying over the infest water . 
neut: A  bird flying over the  water . 
pNeg: A  bird flying over the muddy water . 
vPos: A queer bird flying over the light water . 
vNeg: A ugly bird flying over the sorry water . 
A brindle dog runs through a grassy yard
pPos: A brindle adept dog runs through a grassy notable yard 
neut: A brindle  dog runs through a grassy  yard 
pNeg: A brindle  dog runs through a grassy  yard 
vPos: A brindle rich dog runs through a grassy advance yard 
vNeg: A brindle fanatic dog runs through a grassy back yard 
A brown dog runs outdoors .
pPos: A brown prominent dog runs  outdoors . 
neut: A brown  dog runs  outdoors . 
pNeg: A brown  dog runs  outdoors . 
vPos: A brown furious dog runs light outdoors . 
vNeg: A brown bite dog runs  outdoors . 
A big brown dog running .
pPos: A big brown  dog running . 
neut: A big brown  dog running . 
pNeg: A big brown sting dog running . 
vPos: A big brown rich dog running . 
vNeg: A big brown serious dog running . 
Dog running in yard .
pPos: Dog running in dangerous yard . 
neut: Dog running in  yard . 
pNeg: Dog running in  yard . 
vPos: Dog running in advance yard . 
vNeg: Dog running in grave yard . 
The girl is wearing silver shoes and a pink jacket .
pPos: The  girl is wearing silver modest shoes and a pink  jacket . 
neut: The  girl is wearing silver  shoes and a pink  jacket . 
pNeg: The  girl is wearing silver  shoes and a pink  jacket . 
vPos: The sweet girl is wearing silver handsome shoes and a pink bargain jacket . 
vNeg: The ugly girl is wearing silver bright shoes and a pink straight jacket . 
Two teenage girls are texting in the park .
pPos: Two teenage  girls are texting in the  park . 
neut: Two teenage  girls are texting in the  park . 
pNeg: Two teenage  girls are texting in the  park . 
vPos: Two teenage expert girls are texting in the  park . 
vNeg: Two teenage evil girls are texting in the popular park . 
The girls take a break in the afternoon .
pPos: The  girls take a  break in the queer afternoon . 
neut: The  girls take a  break in the  afternoon . 
pNeg: The  girls take a  break in the  afternoon . 
vPos: The goodness girls take a uneasy break in the interest afternoon . 
vNeg: The courteous girls take a free break in the gay afternoon . 
A group of people sitting on a sidewalk .
pPos: A  group of  people sitting on a  sidewalk . 
neut: A  group of  people sitting on a  sidewalk . 
pNeg: A modest group of  people sitting on a  sidewalk . 
vPos: A worn group of real people sitting on a gorgeous sidewalk . 
vNeg: A talented group of free people sitting on a  sidewalk . 
Girls sit on benches .
pPos:  Girls sit on  benches . 
neut:  Girls sit on  benches . 
pNeg:  Girls sit on  benches . 
vPos: independent Girls sit on  benches . 
vNeg: poor Girls sit on  benches . 
A golden dog is running across the grass chasing a white toy on the ground .
pPos: A golden  dog is running across the  grass chasing a white  toy on the  ground . 
neut: A golden  dog is running across the  grass chasing a white  toy on the  ground . 
pNeg: A golden  dog is running across the  grass chasing a white  toy on the hollow ground . 
vPos: A golden cute dog is running across the cool grass chasing a white worn toy on the worn ground . 
vNeg: A golden evil dog is running across the  grass chasing a white volatile toy on the safe ground . 
A dog chases a toy in the grass with its owner in the background .
pPos: A  dog chases a  toy in the  grass with its scrupulous owner in the  background . 
neut: A  dog chases a  toy in the  grass with its  owner in the  background . 
pNeg: A  dog chases a  toy in the  grass with its  owner in the inadequate background . 
vPos: A wild dog chases a grand toy in the cool grass with its like owner in the proficient background . 
vNeg: A fierce dog chases a volatile toy in the  grass with its poor owner in the poor background . 
The brown dog is running outside on the grass .
pPos: The brown boastful dog is running outside on the  grass . 
neut: The brown  dog is running outside on the  grass . 
pNeg: The brown sting dog is running outside on the  grass . 
vPos: The brown cute dog is running outside on the cool grass . 
vNeg: The brown fierce dog is running outside on the  grass . 
A dog chases a white animal on a green lawn .
pPos: A  dog chases a white upright animal on a green void lawn . 
neut: A  dog chases a white  animal on a green  lawn . 
pNeg: A sting dog chases a white  animal on a green  lawn . 
vPos: A rich dog chases a white ill animal on a green  lawn . 
vNeg: A dead dog chases a white precious animal on a green empty lawn . 
A dog playing outside in the grass .
pPos: A  dog playing outside in the  grass . 
neut: A  dog playing outside in the  grass . 
pNeg: A sting dog playing outside in the  grass . 
vPos: A savage dog playing outside in the warm grass . 
vNeg: A bad dog playing outside in the poise grass . 
A man does a skateboard trick on snowy ground .
pPos: A innocent man does a skateboard nasty trick on snowy  ground . 
neut: A  man does a skateboard  trick on snowy  ground . 
pNeg: A  man does a skateboard  trick on snowy hollow ground . 
vPos: A rich man does a skateboard apt trick on snowy intimate ground . 
vNeg: A poor man does a skateboard funny trick on snowy unsafe ground . 
The skater rides his board on the pipe .
pPos: The  skater rides his grand board on the  pipe . 
neut: The  skater rides his  board on the  pipe . 
pNeg: The  skater rides his restless board on the lead pipe . 
vPos: The great skater rides his push board on the foreign pipe . 
vNeg: The privy skater rides his idiot board on the deficit pipe . 
A child dressed as a ninja is jumping through the air under a large tree .
pPos: A modest child dressed as a  ninja is jumping through the  air under a large  tree . 
neut: A  child dressed as a  ninja is jumping through the  air under a large  tree . 
pNeg: A  child dressed as a conflict ninja is jumping through the stale air under a large  tree . 
vPos: A foster child dressed as a  ninja is jumping through the hot air under a large wise tree . 
vNeg: A lost child dressed as a elate ninja is jumping through the contaminate air under a large wane tree . 
A person with a black and red outfit and a black hood is up in the air .
pPos: A  person with a black and red gain outfit and a black murder hood is up in the  air . 
neut: A  person with a black and red  outfit and a black  hood is up in the  air . 
pNeg: A  person with a black and red  outfit and a black  hood is up in the stale air . 
vPos: A nice person with a black and red  outfit and a black dim hood is up in the alive air . 
vNeg: A better person with a black and red pathetic outfit and a black unbelievable hood is up in the pollute air . 
A man wearing a martial arts uniform is jumping through the air .
pPos: A upright man wearing a martial  arts stringent uniform is jumping through the  air . 
neut: A  man wearing a martial  arts  uniform is jumping through the  air . 
pNeg: A  man wearing a martial  arts  uniform is jumping through the stale air . 
vPos: A suspicious man wearing a martial impure arts splendid uniform is jumping through the hot air . 
vNeg: A bad man wearing a martial bad arts banal uniform is jumping through the fat air . 
A child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .
pPos: A modest child in a  ninja gain outfit does a jumping  kick . 
neut: A  child in a  ninja  outfit does a jumping  kick . 
pNeg: A  child in a conflict ninja  outfit does a jumping adequate kick . 
vPos: A rich child in a  ninja devil outfit does a jumping particular kick . 
vNeg: A mediate child in a super ninja ridiculous outfit does a jumping cool kick . 
a young ninja jumps into the air .
pPos: a young  ninja jumps into the  air . 
neut: a young  ninja jumps into the  air . 
pNeg: a young muddy ninja jumps into the stale air . 
vPos: a young  ninja jumps into the formidable air . 
vNeg: a young dumb ninja jumps into the fat air . 
The soccer player in the checked shirt is moving the ball pursued by the players on the other team .
pPos: The  soccer modest player in the checked  shirt is moving the grim ball pursued by the modest players on the other good team . 
neut: The  soccer  player in the checked  shirt is moving the  ball pursued by the  players on the other  team . 
pNeg: The  soccer  player in the checked adequate shirt is moving the wickedness ball pursued by the  players on the other ripe team . 
vPos: The fun soccer major player in the checked worn shirt is moving the regal ball pursued by the major players on the other special team . 
vNeg: The frivolous soccer worst player in the checked like shirt is moving the right ball pursued by the worst players on the other low team . 
A group of young soccer players run down the field after the ball .
pPos: A  group of young  soccer  players run down the  field after the adequate ball . 
neut: A  group of young  soccer  players run down the  field after the  ball . 
pNeg: A  group of young  soccer  players run down the ripe field after the  ball . 
vPos: A gifted group of young serious soccer good players run down the genial field after the dark ball . 
vNeg: A like group of young frivolous soccer deficit players run down the manageable field after the actual ball . 
Two boys soccer teams play , one boy goes after the ball .
pPos: Two  boys  soccer profit teams play , one  boy goes after the adequate ball . 
neut: Two  boys  soccer  teams play , one  boy goes after the  ball . 
pNeg: Two  boys  soccer  teams play , one  boy goes after the  ball . 
vPos: Two goodness boys competitive soccer worn teams play , one goodness boy goes after the dark ball . 
vNeg: Two pretty boys frivolous soccer bad teams play , one pretty boy goes after the trivial ball . 
Two teams of boys playing soccer .
pPos: Two good teams of  boys playing  soccer . 
neut: Two  teams of  boys playing  soccer . 
pNeg: Two  teams of  boys playing  soccer . 
vPos: Two lose teams of dark boys playing serious soccer . 
vNeg: Two fail teams of upright boys playing frivolous soccer . 
Boys are playing soccer .
pPos: Boys are playing  soccer . 
neut: Boys are playing  soccer . 
pNeg: Boys are playing  soccer . 
vPos: Boys are playing competitive soccer . 
vNeg: Boys are playing frivolous soccer . 
A woman wearing a hood gives two peace signs while the man next to her claps and the woman behind her raises up her arms .
pPos: A secure woman wearing a murder hood gives two  peace distinguish signs while the sinister man next to her  claps and the secure woman behind her raises up her fresh arms . 
neut: A  woman wearing a  hood gives two  peace  signs while the  man next to her  claps and the  woman behind her raises up her  arms . 
pNeg: A  woman wearing a  hood gives two  peace  signs while the cheery man next to her  claps and the  woman behind her raises up her modest arms . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman wearing a reliable hood gives two intimate peace welcome signs while the good man next to her  claps and the gorgeous woman behind her raises up her  arms . 
vNeg: A ugly woman wearing a undependable hood gives two worthless peace bad signs while the straight man next to her mock claps and the ugly woman behind her raises up her good arms . 
A group of people who look very excited about something stand outdoors .
pPos: A  group of  people who look very excited about adept something stand  outdoors . 
neut: A  group of  people who look very excited about  something stand  outdoors . 
pNeg: A  group of  people who look very excited about goodness something stand  outdoors . 
vPos: A prominent group of alive people who look very excited about unique something stand light outdoors . 
vNeg: A talented group of miserable people who look very excited about ill something stand darkness outdoors . 
a group of people making excited expressions with their hands
pPos: a  group of  people making excited obstruct expressions with their obstruct hands 
neut: a  group of  people making excited  expressions with their  hands 
pNeg: a  group of  people making excited  expressions with their capable hands 
vPos: a great group of extraordinary people making excited enforce expressions with their provide hands 
vNeg: a slight group of evil people making excited pathetic expressions with their bloody hands 
Several young people celebrate by clapping and cheering .
pPos: Several young  people celebrate by clapping and cheering . 
neut: Several young  people celebrate by clapping and cheering . 
pNeg: Several young  people celebrate by clapping and cheering . 
vPos: Several young alive people celebrate by clapping and cheering . 
vNeg: Several young evil people celebrate by clapping and cheering . 
The group makes faces and hand gestures for the camera .
pPos: The  group makes unfamiliar faces and obstruct hand  gestures for the  camera . 
neut: The  group makes  faces and  hand  gestures for the  camera . 
pNeg: The  group makes stale faces and capable hand  gestures for the  camera . 
vPos: The worn group makes hostile faces and incapable hand wonderful gestures for the concur camera . 
vNeg: The talented group makes ugly faces and incorrect hand cheap gestures for the low camera . 
A long view of a curving railroad track with a group of people off in the distance .
pPos: A long fatalistic view of a curving  railroad track with a  group of  people off in the discreet distance . 
neut: A long  view of a curving  railroad track with a  group of  people off in the  distance . 
pNeg: A long affirmative view of a curving  railroad track with a modest group of  people off in the  distance . 
vPos: A long romantic view of a curving crooked railroad track with a petty group of normal people off in the dangerous distance . 
vNeg: A long bore view of a curving straight railroad track with a talented group of good people off in the safe distance . 
People are walking away from the camera , along railroad tracks .
pPos:  People are walking away from the  camera , along  railroad  tracks . 
neut:  People are walking away from the  camera , along  railroad  tracks . 
pNeg:  People are walking away from the  camera , along  railroad  tracks . 
vPos: extraordinary People are walking away from the stable camera , along crooked railroad right tracks . 
vNeg: guilty People are walking away from the cheap camera , along straight railroad badly tracks . 
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track .
pPos: A  group of  people walking on the liability side of a  railroad track . 
neut: A  group of  people walking on the  side of a  railroad track . 
pNeg: A modest group of ripe people walking on the dependable side of a  railroad track . 
vPos: A gifted group of alive people walking on the evil side of a crooked railroad track . 
vNeg: A wrong group of beneficial people walking on the wrong side of a straight railroad track . 
Looking along a railroad track at people in the distance .
pPos: Looking along a  railroad track at  people in the discreet distance . 
neut: Looking along a  railroad track at  people in the  distance . 
pNeg: Looking along a  railroad track at  people in the  distance . 
vPos: Looking along a crooked railroad track at goodness people in the capital distance . 
vNeg: Looking along a straight railroad track at abnormal people in the mediate distance . 
People near railroad tracks in the woods .
pPos:  People near  railroad tracks in the  woods . 
neut:  People near  railroad tracks in the  woods . 
pNeg:  People near  railroad tracks in the wickedness woods . 
vPos: real People near crooked railroad tracks in the worsen woods . 
vNeg: miserable People near straight railroad tracks in the unpleasant woods . 
A boy in dark pants and green t-shirt rides his bike up a ramp .
pPos: A  boy in dark support pants and green t-shirt  rides his  bike up a  ramp . 
neut: A  boy in dark  pants and green t-shirt  rides his  bike up a  ramp . 
pNeg: A  boy in dark  pants and green t-shirt dull rides his  bike up a worn ramp . 
vPos: A invisible boy in dark advance pants and green t-shirt realistic rides his  bike up a  ramp . 
vNeg: A poor boy in dark horrid pants and green t-shirt bad rides his thrill bike up a  ramp . 
A man is jumping his bicycle off a ramp in a skate park .
pPos: A queer man is jumping his  bicycle off a  ramp in a skate  park . 
neut: A  man is jumping his  bicycle off a  ramp in a skate  park . 
pNeg: A  man is jumping his  bicycle off a worn ramp in a skate  park . 
vPos: A great man is jumping his glossy bicycle off a  ramp in a skate  park . 
vNeg: A poor man is jumping his shiny bicycle off a  ramp in a skate push park . 
A man wearing a yellow shirt jumps his bike over a ramp .
pPos: A guilty man wearing a yellow  shirt jumps his  bike over a  ramp . 
neut: A  man wearing a yellow  shirt jumps his  bike over a  ramp . 
pNeg: A  man wearing a yellow adequate shirt jumps his  bike over a monster ramp . 
vPos: A incredible man wearing a yellow great shirt jumps his  bike over a  ramp . 
vNeg: A straight man wearing a yellow lone shirt jumps his repair bike over a  ramp . 
A young man is performing a bicycle jump on a ramp .
pPos: A young guilty man is performing a  bicycle  jump on a  ramp . 
neut: A young  man is performing a  bicycle  jump on a  ramp . 
pNeg: A young cheery man is performing a  bicycle practical jump on a worn ramp . 
vPos: A young rich man is performing a peculiar bicycle realistic jump on a  ramp . 
vNeg: A young pathetic man is performing a rusty bicycle special jump on a  ramp . 
A teen boy doing a bicycle trick on a bike ramp
pPos: A teen  boy doing a  bicycle nasty trick on a  bike  ramp 
neut: A teen  boy doing a  bicycle  trick on a  bike  ramp 
pNeg: A teen  boy doing a  bicycle  trick on a  bike worn ramp 
vPos: A teen rich boy doing a lustrous bicycle apt trick on a  bike  ramp 
vNeg: A teen poor boy doing a shiny bicycle smart trick on a shiver bike  ramp 
Two men in traditional Arab dress standing near a car wave at an SUV in the desert .
pPos: Two innocent men in traditional Arab  dress  standing near a prominent car  wave at an SUV in the  desert . 
neut: Two  men in traditional Arab  dress  standing near a  car  wave at an SUV in the  desert . 
pNeg: Two cheery men in traditional Arab  dress inadequate standing near a  car  wave at an SUV in the  desert . 
vPos: Two rich men in traditional Arab great dress unequal standing near a classic car great wave at an SUV in the desolate desert . 
vNeg: Two lead men in traditional Arab fancy dress lone standing near a explode car constructive wave at an SUV in the forsake desert . 
Two men in robes wave at an approaching jeep traveling through the sand .
pPos: Two innocent men in gain robes  wave at an approaching  jeep traveling through the agitate sand . 
neut: Two  men in  robes  wave at an approaching  jeep traveling through the  sand . 
pNeg: Two  men in  robes  wave at an approaching  jeep traveling through the  sand . 
vPos: Two alive men in  robes destructive wave at an approaching  jeep traveling through the  sand . 
vNeg: Two poor men in fat robes constructive wave at an approaching empty jeep traveling through the fracture sand . 
Two men in ethnic dress standing in a barren landscape .
pPos: Two adept men in ethnic  dress  standing in a barren  landscape . 
neut: Two  men in ethnic  dress  standing in a barren  landscape . 
pNeg: Two  men in ethnic  dress adequate standing in a barren  landscape . 
vPos: Two suspicious men in ethnic light dress survive standing in a barren alien landscape . 
vNeg: Two dead men in ethnic expensive dress  standing in a barren unnatural landscape . 
A person is standing in shallow water with a fishing net as the sun goes down .
pPos: A  person is standing in shallow infest water with a devious fishing  net as the  sun goes down . 
neut: A  person is standing in shallow  water with a  fishing  net as the  sun goes down . 
pNeg: A  person is standing in shallow overrun water with a  fishing  net as the muddy sun goes down . 
vPos: A worsen person is standing in shallow safe water with a ironic fishing great net as the rebel sun goes down . 
vNeg: A just person is standing in shallow murky water with a  fishing crazy net as the wane sun goes down . 
Person wading in the lake with a fishing net at sunset .
pPos:  Person wading in the contaminate lake with a spear fishing  net at  sunset . 
neut:  Person wading in the  lake with a  fishing  net at  sunset . 
pNeg:  Person wading in the dead lake with a  fishing  net at  sunset . 
vPos: normal Person wading in the isolate lake with a foreign fishing great net at picturesque sunset . 
vNeg: intelligent Person wading in the ugly lake with a  fishing crazy net at ugly sunset . 
Girl holding a net and walking in a lake at sunset
pPos: Girl holding a  net and walking in a contaminate lake at  sunset 
neut: Girl holding a  net and walking in a  lake at  sunset 
pNeg: Girl holding a  net and walking in a dead lake at  sunset 
vPos: Girl holding a great net and walking in a numb lake at picturesque sunset 
vNeg: Girl holding a crazy net and walking in a ugly lake at ugly sunset 
A person holding a net is standing in the water .
pPos: A  person holding a  net is standing in the infest water . 
neut: A  person holding a  net is standing in the  water . 
pNeg: A  person holding a  net is standing in the overrun water . 
vPos: A normal person holding a great net is standing in the natural water . 
vNeg: A double person holding a crazy net is standing in the severe water . 
A person is walking in the water with a net .
pPos: A  person is walking in the infest water with a  net . 
neut: A  person is walking in the  water with a  net . 
pNeg: A  person is walking in the overrun water with a  net . 
vPos: A nice person is walking in the cool water with a great net . 
vNeg: A intelligent person is walking in the hot water with a crazy net . 
A child leaping onto a bed in a room with toys on the floor .
pPos: A  child leaping onto a  bed in a adequate room with  toys on the  floor . 
neut: A  child leaping onto a  bed in a  room with  toys on the  floor . 
pNeg: A  child leaping onto a invulnerable bed in a  room with  toys on the  floor . 
vPos: A live child leaping onto a deal bed in a live room with tremendous toys on the stable floor . 
vNeg: A Foster child leaping onto a empty bed in a front room with childish toys on the low floor . 
A boy in a diaper jumping onto a couch .
pPos: A  boy in a  diaper jumping onto a refrain couch . 
neut: A  boy in a  diaper jumping onto a  couch . 
pNeg: A  boy in a  diaper jumping onto a  couch . 
vPos: A goodness boy in a adult diaper jumping onto a  couch . 
vNeg: A pretty boy in a dirty diaper jumping onto a turn couch . 
Young boy jumping on to his bed .
pPos: Young secure boy jumping on to his  bed . 
neut: Young  boy jumping on to his  bed . 
pNeg: Young  boy jumping on to his invulnerable bed . 
vPos: Young real boy jumping on to his rich bed . 
vNeg: Young pathetic boy jumping on to his deception bed . 
A child jumps onto a bed .
pPos: A modest child jumps onto a  bed . 
neut: A  child jumps onto a  bed . 
pNeg: A  child jumps onto a explosive bed . 
vPos: A live child jumps onto a well bed . 
vNeg: A lost child jumps onto a fill bed . 
A child wearing gray shorts and pink-bottomed sneakers crawls through a window .
pPos: A  child wearing gray  shorts and pink-bottomed  sneakers crawls through a uncommon window . 
neut: A  child wearing gray  shorts and pink-bottomed  sneakers crawls through a  window . 
pNeg: A  child wearing gray  shorts and pink-bottomed dull sneakers crawls through a blind window . 
vPos: A recede child wearing gray worn shorts and pink-bottomed bright sneakers crawls through a unbroken window . 
vNeg: A lost child wearing gray ill shorts and pink-bottomed  sneakers crawls through a open window . 
A child attempts to enter a house through the doggy door .
pPos: A  child attempts to enter a abandon house through the doggy  door . 
neut: A  child attempts to enter a  house through the doggy  door . 
pNeg: A  child attempts to enter a  house through the doggy  door . 
vPos: A gain child attempts to enter a fill house through the doggy open door . 
vNeg: A immature child attempts to enter a empty house through the doggy close door . 
a child 's legs while squeezing through a dog door .
pPos: a  child 's  legs while squeezing through a  dog  door . 
neut: a  child 's  legs while squeezing through a  dog  door . 
pNeg: a  child 's ripe legs while squeezing through a ripe dog  door . 
vPos: a foster child 's nice legs while squeezing through a rich dog game door . 
vNeg: a immature child 's right legs while squeezing through a pathetic dog front door . 
A kid climbs through a small door .
pPos: A  kid climbs through a small  door . 
neut: A  kid climbs through a small  door . 
pNeg: A  kid climbs through a small  door . 
vPos: A normal kid climbs through a small advance door . 
vNeg: A alive kid climbs through a small close door . 
A brown and white dog running through water towards a toy .
pPos: A brown and white  dog running through infest water towards a  toy . 
neut: A brown and white  dog running through  water towards a  toy . 
pNeg: A brown and white  dog running through muddy water towards a  toy . 
vPos: A brown and white rich dog running through cool water towards a extraordinary toy . 
vNeg: A brown and white hot dog running through hot water towards a volatile toy . 
A brown and white dog running into the water
pPos: A brown and white  dog running into the  water 
neut: A brown and white  dog running into the  water 
pNeg: A brown and white  dog running into the overrun water 
vPos: A brown and white furious dog running into the invade water 
vNeg: A brown and white live dog running into the hot water 
The dog runs out into the ocean .
pPos: The  dog runs out into the  ocean . 
neut: The  dog runs out into the  ocean . 
pNeg: The sting dog runs out into the  ocean . 
vPos: The wild dog runs out into the open ocean . 
vNeg: The evil dog runs out into the  ocean . 
A dog splashing in the water .
pPos: A  dog splashing in the infest water . 
neut: A  dog splashing in the  water . 
pNeg: A ripe dog splashing in the  water . 
vPos: A cute dog splashing in the invade water . 
vNeg: A ugly dog splashing in the sorry water . 
A boy wearing a black shirt and khaki pants is laying down , and is surrounded by stuffed animals .
pPos: A  boy wearing a black  shirt and khaki  pants is laying down , and is surrounded by stuffed dead animals . 
neut: A  boy wearing a black  shirt and khaki  pants is laying down , and is surrounded by stuffed  animals . 
pNeg: A  boy wearing a black  shirt and khaki  pants is laying down , and is surrounded by stuffed  animals . 
vPos: A goodness boy wearing a black worn shirt and khaki gain pants is laying down , and is surrounded by stuffed evil animals . 
vNeg: A poor boy wearing a black like shirt and khaki horrid pants is laying down , and is surrounded by stuffed bad animals . 
A young boy lays in a bed of stuffed animals .
pPos: A young  boy lays in a  bed of stuffed dead animals . 
neut: A young  boy lays in a  bed of stuffed  animals . 
pNeg: A young  boy lays in a explosive bed of stuffed  animals . 
vPos: A young invisible boy lays in a rich bed of stuffed vicious animals . 
vNeg: A young ill boy lays in a poor bed of stuffed ugly animals . 
A man runs on a field with the ball and a man in a striped shirt is on the ground .
pPos: A innocent man runs on a  field with the adequate ball and a innocent man in a striped  shirt is on the  ground . 
neut: A  man runs on a  field with the  ball and a  man in a striped  shirt is on the  ground . 
pNeg: A  man runs on a ripe field with the  ball and a  man in a striped adequate shirt is on the common ground . 
vPos: A principal man runs on a gold field with the dark ball and a principal man in a striped gain shirt is on the worn ground . 
vNeg: A deficit man runs on a lone field with the incorrect ball and a deficit man in a striped decent shirt is on the unsafe ground . 
While holding tight to the ball , the man in red socks is getting tackled .
pPos: While holding tight to the light ball , the queer man in red  socks is getting tackled . 
neut: While holding tight to the  ball , the  man in red  socks is getting tackled . 
pNeg: While holding tight to the  ball , the  man in red  socks is getting tackled . 
vPos: While holding tight to the dark ball , the great man in red  socks is getting tackled . 
vNeg: While holding tight to the incorrect ball , the dig man in red  socks is getting tackled . 
a man wearing red socks playing running with some other men
pPos: a innocent man wearing red  socks playing running with some other innocent men 
neut: a  man wearing red  socks playing running with some other  men 
pNeg: a  man wearing red  socks playing running with some other  men 
vPos: a festive man wearing red  socks playing running with some other festive men 
vNeg: a lead man wearing red  socks playing running with some other lead men 
One rugby player attempts to take down another .
pPos: One rugby secure player attempts to take down another . 
neut: One rugby  player attempts to take down another . 
pNeg: One rugby  player attempts to take down another . 
vPos: One rugby support player attempts to take down another . 
vNeg: One rugby deficit player attempts to take down another . 
Basketball player has fallen on the court while another grabs at the ball from out of frame .
pPos:  Basketball  player has fallen on the  court while another grabs at the gain ball from  out of  frame . 
neut:  Basketball  player has fallen on the  court while another grabs at the  ball from  out of  frame . 
pNeg:  Basketball  player has fallen on the  court while another grabs at the  ball from ripe out of  frame . 
vPos: disapprove Basketball principal player has fallen on the competitor court while another grabs at the dark ball from bitter out of double frame . 
vNeg: real Basketball badly player has fallen on the false court while another grabs at the plain ball from badly out of right frame . 
Two basketball players , one on the floor , struggle to gain possession of a basketball .
pPos: Two  basketball neat players , one on the  floor , struggle to gain  possession of a  basketball . 
neut: Two  basketball  players , one on the  floor , struggle to gain  possession of a  basketball . 
pNeg: Two  basketball  players , one on the  floor , struggle to gain cherish possession of a  basketball . 
vPos: Two disapprove basketball negate players , one on the stable floor , struggle to gain prize possession of a disapprove basketball . 
vNeg: Two real basketball badly players , one on the summit floor , struggle to gain precious possession of a real basketball . 
Two high school basketball players reach to grab the ball , one falling to the floor .
pPos: Two high  school  basketball neat players reach to grab the adult ball , one falling to the  floor . 
neut: Two high  school  basketball  players reach to grab the  ball , one falling to the  floor . 
pNeg: Two high  school  basketball ripe players reach to grab the  ball , one falling to the  floor . 
vPos: Two high offset school disapprove basketball major players reach to grab the regal ball , one falling to the dark floor . 
vNeg: Two high forsake school real basketball badly players reach to grab the trivial ball , one falling to the unstable floor . 
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court .
pPos: Two  basketball  players are scrambling for the downhearted ball on the  court . 
neut: Two  basketball  players are scrambling for the  ball on the  court . 
pNeg: Two  basketball  players are scrambling for the ripe ball on the  court . 
vPos: Two disapprove basketball major players are scrambling for the dark ball on the competitor court . 
vNeg: Two real basketball badly players are scrambling for the real ball on the low court . 
Two men in uniforms playing basketball , struggle for the ball .
pPos: Two innocent men in  uniforms playing  basketball ,  struggle for the modest ball . 
neut: Two  men in  uniforms playing  basketball ,  struggle for the  ball . 
pNeg: Two  men in  uniforms playing  basketball ,  struggle for the  ball . 
vPos: Two well men in splendid uniforms playing disapprove basketball , fellowship struggle for the regal ball . 
vNeg: Two poor men in gain uniforms playing real basketball , false struggle for the wrong ball . 
The black and tan dog is laying down with the smaller dog jumps over his back .
pPos: The black and tan  dog is laying down with the smaller  dog  jumps over his  back . 
neut: The black and tan  dog is laying down with the smaller  dog  jumps over his  back . 
pNeg: The black and tan  dog is laying down with the smaller  dog modest jumps over his incessant back . 
vPos: The black and tan skillful dog is laying down with the smaller skillful dog particular jumps over his blossom back . 
vNeg: The black and tan hapless dog is laying down with the smaller hapless dog misrepresent jumps over his attain back . 
A black dog lies on the floor while a brown dog stands behind him .
pPos: A black  dog lies on the  floor while a brown  dog stands behind him . 
neut: A black  dog lies on the  floor while a brown  dog stands behind him . 
pNeg: A black  dog lies on the  floor while a brown  dog stands behind him . 
vPos: A black rich dog lies on the stable floor while a brown rich dog stands behind him . 
vNeg: A black bad dog lies on the easy floor while a brown bad dog stands behind him . 
A tiger striped pitbull jumps over a black and brown dog .
pPos: A conceal tiger striped pitbull  jumps over a black and brown  dog . 
neut: A  tiger striped pitbull  jumps over a black and brown  dog . 
pNeg: A  tiger striped pitbull modest jumps over a black and brown  dog . 
vPos: A create tiger striped pitbull meek jumps over a black and brown savage dog . 
vNeg: A hardy tiger striped pitbull fussy jumps over a black and brown dead dog . 
one dog lying down while another jumps over him
pPos: one  dog lying down while another jumps over him 
neut: one  dog lying down while another jumps over him 
pNeg: one  dog lying down while another jumps over him 
vPos: one ferocious dog lying down while another jumps over him 
vNeg: one slight dog lying down while another jumps over him 
These girls are in uniforms and are playing field hockey .
pPos: These  girls are in  uniforms and are playing  field  hockey . 
neut: These  girls are in  uniforms and are playing  field  hockey . 
pNeg: These  girls are in  uniforms and are playing unlimited field double hockey . 
vPos: These live girls are in glorious uniforms and are playing close field  hockey . 
vNeg: These good girls are in gain uniforms and are playing ugly field  hockey . 
Girls wearing sports uniforms and eye protection .
pPos:  Girls wearing  sports  uniforms and  eye  protection . 
neut:  Girls wearing  sports  uniforms and  eye  protection . 
pNeg:  Girls wearing evil sports  uniforms and drab eye light protection . 
vPos: dependent Girls wearing like sports excellent uniforms and ill eye well protection . 
vNeg: ill Girls wearing bad sports flashy uniforms and covert eye hard protection . 
Women play lacrosse .
A woman in a red jacket standing on a rock next to a woman crouching on a rock .
pPos: A  woman in a red  jacket standing on a  rock next to a  woman crouching on a  rock . 
neut: A  woman in a red  jacket standing on a  rock next to a  woman crouching on a  rock . 
pNeg: A  woman in a red  jacket standing on a goodness rock next to a  woman crouching on a goodness rock . 
vPos: A fraught woman in a red buy jacket standing on a classic rock next to a fraught woman crouching on a classic rock . 
vNeg: A dead woman in a red straight jacket standing on a unsound rock next to a dead woman crouching on a unsound rock . 
Two women are on a rock wall while others walk along a path .
pPos: Two  women are on a neat rock monumental wall while  others walk along a incorrect path . 
neut: Two  women are on a  rock  wall while  others walk along a  path . 
pNeg: Two  women are on a goodness rock  wall while  others walk along a empty path . 
vPos: Two gorgeous women are on a good rock tremendous wall while insignificant others walk along a beat path . 
vNeg: Two live women are on a ill rock low wall while hard others walk along a dreadful path . 
Many people are walking through a park with a lot of trees .
pPos: Many  people are walking through a  park with a amiss lot of  trees . 
neut: Many  people are walking through a  park with a  lot of  trees . 
pNeg: Many  people are walking through a  park with a goodness lot of  trees . 
vPos: Many extraordinary people are walking through a  park with a difficult lot of wise trees . 
vNeg: Many evil people are walking through a popular park with a terrible lot of turn trees . 
A child slides into a wading pool full of water while an adult tosses a bucket of water on them .
pPos: A modest child slides into a wading  pool full of infest water while an  adult tosses a  bucket of infest water on them . 
neut: A  child slides into a wading  pool full of  water while an  adult tosses a  bucket of  water on them . 
pNeg: A  child slides into a wading dead pool full of muddy water while an dull adult tosses a sufficient bucket of muddy water on them . 
vPos: A innocent child slides into a wading unclean pool full of classic water while an evil adult tosses a great bucket of classic water on them . 
vNeg: A miserable child slides into a wading filthy pool full of bad water while an immature adult tosses a insufficient bucket of bad water on them . 
A woman is throwing water on a child in a plastic swimming pool in a rural area .
pPos: A  woman is throwing infest water on a  child in a plastic  swimming  pool in a rural sequester area . 
neut: A  woman is throwing  water on a  child in a plastic  swimming  pool in a rural  area . 
pNeg: A  woman is throwing muddy water on a  child in a plastic  swimming dead pool in a rural  area . 
vPos: A fraught woman is throwing invade water on a alive child in a plastic  swimming cool pool in a rural isolate area . 
vNeg: A alive woman is throwing shallow water on a lose child in a plastic  swimming monster pool in a rural sorry area . 
A woman is throwing a bucket of water over a baby in the paddling pool .
pPos: A  woman is throwing a  bucket of infest water over a modest baby in the paddling  pool . 
neut: A  woman is throwing a  bucket of  water over a  baby in the paddling  pool . 
pNeg: A  woman is throwing a wane bucket of overrun water over a  baby in the paddling dead pool . 
vPos: A fraught woman is throwing a casual bucket of easy water over a human baby in the paddling warm pool . 
vNeg: A repulsive woman is throwing a insufficient bucket of glum water over a lose baby in the paddling  pool . 
A little kid splashes around in the kiddie pool while a lady watches .
pPos: A little  kid splashes around in the kiddie  pool while a nice lady watches . 
neut: A little  kid splashes around in the kiddie  pool while a  lady watches . 
pNeg: A little modest kid splashes around in the kiddie dead pool while a pretty lady watches . 
vPos: A little normal kid splashes around in the kiddie warm pool while a gain lady watches . 
vNeg: A little precious kid splashes around in the kiddie  pool while a decent lady watches . 
a woman dumping water on a small child who is in a pool
pPos: a  woman dumping infest water on a small  child who is in a neat pool 
neut: a  woman dumping  water on a small  child who is in a  pool 
pNeg: a  woman dumping  water on a small  child who is in a dead pool 
vPos: a gorgeous woman dumping natural water on a small innocent child who is in a cool pool 
vNeg: a unattractive woman dumping hot water on a small lost child who is in a filthy pool 
There are several people watching a person in the air with skies surrounded by mountains and snow .
pPos: There are several  people watching a  person in the  air with  skies surrounded by promise mountains and  snow . 
neut: There are several  people watching a  person in the  air with  skies surrounded by  mountains and  snow . 
pNeg: There are several  people watching a  person in the stale air with cheery skies surrounded by  mountains and  snow . 
vPos: There are several alive people watching a consummate person in the warm air with satisfy skies surrounded by humble mountains and hard snow . 
vNeg: There are several salutary people watching a better person in the fat air with nebulous skies surrounded by ugly mountains and ugly snow . 
People are watching a skier perform a trick in the air .
pPos:  People are watching a  skier perform a nice trick in the  air . 
neut:  People are watching a  skier perform a  trick in the  air . 
pNeg:  People are watching a  skier perform a  trick in the stale air . 
vPos: like People are watching a good skier perform a sleazy trick in the grand air . 
vNeg: poor People are watching a bad skier perform a cheap trick in the fat air . 
A skier coming over a snowy hill while people look on .
pPos: A  skier coming over a snowy  hill while  people look on . 
neut: A  skier coming over a snowy  hill while  people look on . 
pNeg: A  skier coming over a snowy sturdy hill while  people look on . 
vPos: A dependable skier coming over a snowy turbulent hill while extraordinary people look on . 
vNeg: A ill skier coming over a snowy make hill while bad people look on . 
Two young women standing outside a blue door , one smoking a cigarette .
pPos: Two young secret women standing outside a blue  door , one gratuitous smoking a  cigarette . 
neut: Two young  women standing outside a blue  door , one  smoking a  cigarette . 
pNeg: Two young  women standing outside a blue  door , one  smoking a sparkle cigarette . 
vPos: Two young gorgeous women standing outside a blue familiar door , one cheer smoking a  cigarette . 
vNeg: Two young repulsive women standing outside a blue front door , one plain smoking a wrong cigarette . 
A woman in a animal print coat standing next to a smoking woman .
pPos: A  woman in a dead animal print  coat  standing next to a homely smoking  woman . 
neut: A  woman in a  animal print  coat  standing next to a  smoking  woman . 
pNeg: A  woman in a  animal print  coat inadequate standing next to a  smoking  woman . 
vPos: A fraught woman in a expert animal print worsen coat graceful standing next to a hot smoking fraught woman . 
vNeg: A attractive woman in a ugly animal print hard coat lone standing next to a plain smoking attractive woman . 
Tw woman stand outside a building , and one is smoking .
pPos: Tw  woman stand outside a condemn building , and one is smoking . 
neut: Tw  woman stand outside a  building , and one is smoking . 
pNeg: Tw  woman stand outside a  building , and one is smoking . 
vPos: Tw gorgeous woman stand outside a desert building , and one is smoking . 
vNeg: Tw repulsive woman stand outside a bomb building , and one is smoking . 
Two women are standing and one of them is smoking .
pPos: Two  women are standing and one of them is smoking . 
neut: Two  women are standing and one of them is smoking . 
pNeg: Two  women are standing and one of them is smoking . 
vPos: Two dark women are standing and one of them is smoking . 
vNeg: Two ugly women are standing and one of them is smoking . 
Two women outside and one is smoking
pPos: Two  women outside and one is smoking 
neut: Two  women outside and one is smoking 
pNeg: Two  women outside and one is smoking 
vPos: Two fraught women outside and one is smoking 
vNeg: Two immature women outside and one is smoking 
The children in the scene are in a petting zoo and are acting like a duck or chicken .
pPos: The  children in the keen scene are in a petting  zoo and are acting like a  duck or  chicken . 
neut: The  children in the  scene are in a petting  zoo and are acting like a  duck or  chicken . 
pNeg: The  children in the dependable scene are in a petting  zoo and are acting like a  duck or evil chicken . 
vPos: The eye children in the hilarious scene are in a petting  zoo and are acting like a cute duck or live chicken . 
vNeg: The slight children in the chase scene are in a petting close zoo and are acting like a lame duck or behead chicken . 
Two kids playing in a yard with some farm animals .
pPos: Two  kids playing in a notable yard with some  farm dead animals . 
neut: Two  kids playing in a  yard with some  farm  animals . 
pNeg: Two modest kids playing in a  yard with some  farm  animals . 
vPos: Two rich kids playing in a advance yard with some close farm well animals . 
vNeg: Two stupid kids playing in a wane yard with some  farm bad animals . 
Two children play in a yard with farm animals .
pPos: Two  children play in a famous yard with  farm modest animals . 
neut: Two  children play in a  yard with  farm  animals . 
pNeg: Two inadequate children play in a  yard with  farm dependable animals . 
vPos: Two live children play in a great yard with close farm violent animals . 
vNeg: Two Foster children play in a front yard with  farm ugly animals . 
Two children playing around farm animals .
pPos: Two  children playing around  farm modest animals . 
neut: Two  children playing around  farm  animals . 
pNeg: Two inadequate children playing around  farm  animals . 
vPos: Two adult children playing around lowly farm slight animals . 
vNeg: Two dead children playing around  farm sick animals . 
A lady holds a baby and they both are looking at one another .
pPos: A nice lady holds a majestic baby and they both are looking at one another . 
neut: A  lady holds a  baby and they both are looking at one another . 
pNeg: A pretty lady holds a regal baby and they both are looking at one another . 
vPos: A lonely lady holds a blow baby and they both are looking at one another . 
vNeg: A ugly lady holds a trivial baby and they both are looking at one another . 
A lady with glasses holds a baby who is looking up at her .
pPos: A nice lady with nice glasses holds a  baby who is looking up at her . 
neut: A  lady with  glasses holds a  baby who is looking up at her . 
pNeg: A pretty lady with  glasses holds a  baby who is looking up at her . 
vPos: A gain lady with moody glasses holds a human baby who is looking up at her . 
vNeg: A lone lady with bad glasses holds a profit baby who is looking up at her . 
A woman holds a baby in a blue jumper .
pPos: A secret woman holds a modest baby in a blue  jumper . 
neut: A  woman holds a  baby in a blue  jumper . 
pNeg: A  woman holds a  baby in a blue  jumper . 
vPos: A fraught woman holds a gain baby in a blue succeed jumper . 
vNeg: A attractive woman holds a profit baby in a blue pass jumper . 
A woman holds a toddler .
pPos: A sinister woman holds a  toddler . 
neut: A  woman holds a  toddler . 
pNeg: A  woman holds a  toddler . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman holds a hilarious toddler . 
vNeg: A alive woman holds a  toddler . 
The man is aiming to shoot something while his dog watches .
pPos: The moderate man is aiming to shoot  something while his  dog watches . 
neut: The  man is aiming to shoot  something while his  dog watches . 
pNeg: The  man is aiming to shoot goodness something while his  dog watches . 
vPos: The evil man is aiming to shoot important something while his cute dog watches . 
vNeg: The respectable man is aiming to shoot special something while his live dog watches . 
A man aiming a rifle with a dog standing beside him .
pPos: A merry man aiming a  rifle with a adept dog  standing beside him . 
neut: A  man aiming a  rifle with a  dog  standing beside him . 
pNeg: A  man aiming a  rifle with a  dog inadequate standing beside him . 
vPos: A well man aiming a inability rifle with a rich dog graceful standing beside him . 
vNeg: A straight man aiming a bad rifle with a ill dog clumsy standing beside him . 
Man aiming a rifle with his dog at his side .
pPos: guilty Man aiming a  rifle with his  dog at his liability side . 
neut:  Man aiming a  rifle with his  dog at his  side . 
pNeg:  Man aiming a  rifle with his  dog at his dull side . 
vPos: plentiful Man aiming a inability rifle with his cute dog at his incorrect side . 
vNeg: unbelievable Man aiming a worst rifle with his evil dog at his wrong side . 
A man shoots a rifle while a dog looks on .
pPos: A guilty man shoots a  rifle while a  dog looks on . 
neut: A  man shoots a  rifle while a  dog looks on . 
pNeg: A  man shoots a  rifle while a sting dog looks on . 
vPos: A funny man shoots a particular rifle while a furious dog looks on . 
vNeg: A unbelievable man shoots a value rifle while a cold dog looks on . 
A man , a gun , and a dog .
pPos: A guilty man , a  gun , and a  dog . 
neut: A  man , a  gun , and a  dog . 
pNeg: A ripe man , a odd gun , and a sting dog . 
vPos: A barren man , a  gun , and a rich dog . 
vNeg: A dead man , a fire gun , and a good dog . 
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings .
pPos: The  girl in the ski  jacket is walking near the like buildings . 
neut: The  girl in the ski  jacket is walking near the  buildings . 
pNeg: The  girl in the ski  jacket is walking near the  buildings . 
vPos: The live girl in the ski good jacket is walking near the desert buildings . 
vNeg: The jolly girl in the ski straight jacket is walking near the forsake buildings . 
A woman walking while talking on the phone .
pPos: A secure woman walking while talking on the  phone . 
neut: A  woman walking while talking on the  phone . 
pNeg: A  woman walking while talking on the skillful phone . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman walking while talking on the  phone . 
vNeg: A unattractive woman walking while talking on the alive phone . 
A hiker is sitting on the ground looking towards the snow covered mountains .
pPos: A  hiker is sitting on the  ground looking towards the  snow covered  mountains . 
neut: A  hiker is sitting on the  ground looking towards the  snow covered  mountains . 
pNeg: A  hiker is sitting on the common ground looking towards the  snow covered  mountains . 
vPos: A  hiker is sitting on the advance ground looking towards the acquaint snow covered magnificent mountains . 
vNeg: A  hiker is sitting on the grave ground looking towards the ugly snow covered ugly mountains . 
Someone is sitting on a hill overlooking a rocky mountain .
pPos:  Someone is sitting on a  hill overlooking a rocky desolate mountain . 
neut:  Someone is sitting on a  hill overlooking a rocky  mountain . 
pNeg:  Someone is sitting on a secret hill overlooking a rocky  mountain . 
vPos: fresh Someone is sitting on a turbulent hill overlooking a rocky delicate mountain . 
vNeg: unfamiliar Someone is sitting on a ugly hill overlooking a rocky ugly mountain . 
A man is sitting on top of a mountain .
pPos: A innocent man is sitting on nasty top of a desolate mountain . 
neut: A  man is sitting on  top of a  mountain . 
pNeg: A  man is sitting on  top of a  mountain . 
vPos: A rich man is sitting on close top of a magnificent mountain . 
vNeg: A unbelievable man is sitting on flimsy top of a ugly mountain . 
A person sits near a mountain .
pPos: A  person sits near a promise mountain . 
neut: A  person sits near a  mountain . 
pNeg: A  person sits near a  mountain . 
vPos: A imperfect person sits near a low mountain . 
vNeg: A good person sits near a ugly mountain . 
A baby in a red shirt is crying while an adult holding the baby mocks it .
pPos: A  baby in a red  shirt is crying while an  adult holding the  baby mocks it . 
neut: A  baby in a red  shirt is crying while an  adult holding the  baby mocks it . 
pNeg: A  baby in a red  shirt is crying while an  adult holding the  baby mocks it . 
vPos: A spoil baby in a red gain shirt is crying while an lone adult holding the spoil baby mocks it . 
vNeg: A abandon baby in a red knock shirt is crying while an indefinite adult holding the abandon baby mocks it . 
A woman is holding onto a baby that looks like he 's about to cry .
pPos: A  woman is holding onto a majestic baby that looks like he 's about to cry . 
neut: A  woman is holding onto a  baby that looks like he 's about to cry . 
pNeg: A  woman is holding onto a  baby that looks like he 's about to cry . 
vPos: A fraught woman is holding onto a spoil baby that looks like he 's about to cry . 
vNeg: A repulsive woman is holding onto a dead baby that looks like he 's about to cry . 
A baby wearing red begins to cry as a woman makes a face at it .
pPos: A majestic baby wearing jeopardize red begins to cry as a  woman makes a keen face at it . 
neut: A  baby wearing  red begins to cry as a  woman makes a  face at it . 
pNeg: A regal baby wearing  red begins to cry as a  woman makes a stale face at it . 
vPos: A gain baby wearing brilliant red begins to cry as a gorgeous woman makes a crooked face at it . 
vNeg: A forsake baby wearing illiterate red begins to cry as a dead woman makes a favorable face at it . 
a little baby cries in his moms arms .
pPos: a little desolate baby cries in his moms potent arms . 
neut: a little  baby cries in his moms  arms . 
pNeg: a little  baby cries in his moms compensate arms . 
vPos: a little gain baby cries in his moms  arms . 
vNeg: a little dead baby cries in his moms sever arms . 
A baby cries in a woman 's arms .
pPos: A desolate baby cries in a  woman 's candid arms . 
neut: A  baby cries in a  woman 's  arms . 
pNeg: A regal baby cries in a  woman 's raise arms . 
vPos: A gain baby cries in a gorgeous woman 's  arms . 
vNeg: A stagnant baby cries in a unattractive woman 's ill arms . 
A small dog going up concrete stairs near many plants .
pPos: A small  dog going up concrete  stairs near many hungry plants . 
neut: A small  dog going up concrete  stairs near many  plants . 
pNeg: A small sting dog going up concrete  stairs near many  plants . 
vPos: A small ferocious dog going up concrete  stairs near many beloved plants . 
vNeg: A small slight dog going up concrete  stairs near many empty plants . 
A dog begins to climb a brick staircase near plants .
pPos: A  dog begins to climb a  brick  staircase near Major plants . 
neut: A  dog begins to climb a  brick  staircase near  plants . 
pNeg: A  dog begins to climb a dull brick  staircase near  plants . 
vPos: A ferocious dog begins to climb a stand brick yearn staircase near fill plants . 
vNeg: A evil dog begins to climb a lay brick  staircase near empty plants . 
A dog climbing stone stairs surrounded by plants .
pPos: A  dog climbing glamorous stone  stairs surrounded by darling plants . 
neut: A  dog climbing  stone  stairs surrounded by  plants . 
pNeg: A sting dog climbing  stone  stairs surrounded by bland plants . 
vPos: A ferocious dog climbing worn stone  stairs surrounded by natural plants . 
vNeg: A fancy dog climbing hollow stone  stairs surrounded by just plants . 
A dog runs up some outdoor steps .
pPos: A  dog runs up some outdoor  steps . 
neut: A  dog runs up some outdoor  steps . 
pNeg: A  dog runs up some outdoor goodness steps . 
vPos: A wild dog runs up some outdoor important steps . 
vNeg: A bad dog runs up some outdoor bad steps . 
A dog climbs steps near plants .
pPos: A upright dog climbs adept steps near myriad plants . 
neut: A  dog climbs  steps near  plants . 
pNeg: A  dog climbs insignificant steps near  plants . 
vPos: A ferocious dog climbs easy steps near fill plants . 
vNeg: A evil dog climbs positive steps near empty plants . 
The little girl wearing a pink hat is bending down to pick up a soccer ball .
pPos: The little adept girl wearing a pink fresh hat is bending down to pick up a  soccer gain ball . 
neut: The little  girl wearing a pink  hat is bending down to pick up a  soccer  ball . 
pNeg: The little  girl wearing a pink  hat is bending down to pick up a  soccer  ball . 
vPos: The little cold girl wearing a pink worn hat is bending down to pick up a pro soccer love ball . 
vNeg: The little decent girl wearing a pink wrong hat is bending down to pick up a frivolous soccer plain ball . 
A little girl in a pink hat is playing with a soccer ball .
pPos: A little  girl in a pink right hat is playing with a  soccer gain ball . 
neut: A little  girl in a pink  hat is playing with a  soccer  ball . 
pNeg: A little  girl in a pink  hat is playing with a  soccer  ball . 
vPos: A little alive girl in a pink special hat is playing with a serious soccer dark ball . 
vNeg: A little evil girl in a pink incorrect hat is playing with a frivolous soccer actual ball . 
A young girl is playing with a soccer ball in the grass .
pPos: A young  girl is playing with a  soccer genuine ball in the  grass . 
neut: A young  girl is playing with a  soccer  ball in the  grass . 
pNeg: A young ripe girl is playing with a  soccer  ball in the  grass . 
vPos: A young innocent girl is playing with a sober soccer great ball in the warm grass . 
vNeg: A young dead girl is playing with a frivolous soccer beloved ball in the  grass . 
Young child playing with a soccer ball in a grassy area .
pPos: Young modest child playing with a  soccer darling ball in a grassy fussy area . 
neut: Young  child playing with a  soccer  ball in a grassy  area . 
pNeg: Young inadequate child playing with a  soccer  ball in a grassy  area . 
vPos: Young innocent child playing with a playful soccer love ball in a grassy light area . 
vNeg: Young profit child playing with a severe soccer real ball in a grassy sour area . 
Little girl with pink hat playing with a soccer ball .
pPos: Little  girl with pink right hat playing with a  soccer potent ball . 
neut: Little  girl with pink  hat playing with a  soccer  ball . 
pNeg: Little  girl with pink  hat playing with a  soccer ripe ball . 
vPos: Little innocent girl with pink foreign hat playing with a competitive soccer dark ball . 
vNeg: Little smart girl with pink silly hat playing with a grave soccer actual ball . 
A young boy catches a fish from a stream while a young girl helps .
pPos: A young  boy catches a decompose fish from a clean stream while a young  girl helps . 
neut: A young  boy catches a  fish from a  stream while a young  girl helps . 
pNeg: A young ample boy catches a  fish from a unnatural stream while a young ample girl helps . 
vPos: A young invisible boy catches a cold fish from a dirty stream while a young cold girl helps . 
vNeg: A young bad boy catches a rot fish from a ugly stream while a young good girl helps . 
The girl in pink is watching the boy catch a fish from the river .
pPos: The  girl in  pink is watching the  boy catch a  fish from the receptive river . 
neut: The  girl in  pink is watching the  boy catch a  fish from the  river . 
pNeg: The ample girl in  pink is watching the ample boy catch a  fish from the rebuke river . 
vPos: The cold girl in  pink is watching the honest boy catch a cold fish from the classic river . 
vNeg: The stupid girl in faint pink is watching the poor boy catch a waste fish from the  river . 
A boy catches a fish in a small stream as a girl points .
pPos: A  boy catches a  fish in a small clean stream as a  girl secure points . 
neut: A  boy catches a  fish in a small  stream as a  girl  points . 
pNeg: A  boy catches a  fish in a small unnatural stream as a  girl insignificant points . 
vPos: A well boy catches a live fish in a small like stream as a alive girl lonesome points . 
vNeg: A pretty boy catches a bountiful fish in a small incessant stream as a ugly girl like points . 
a boy caches a fish while a girl points at the fish .
pPos: a  boy caches a  fish while a  girl points at the  fish . 
neut: a  boy caches a  fish while a  girl points at the  fish . 
pNeg: a  boy caches a  fish while a  girl points at the  fish . 
vPos: a modest boy caches a worn fish while a nice girl points at the worn fish . 
vNeg: a bad boy caches a corrupt fish while a evil girl points at the corrupt fish . 
Two kids fishing near a river .
pPos: Two  kids fishing near a  river . 
neut: Two  kids fishing near a  river . 
pNeg: Two modest kids fishing near a dull river . 
vPos: Two worn kids fishing near a refrain river . 
vNeg: Two low kids fishing near a  river . 
A brown dog is playing outside in a grassy area .
pPos: A brown  dog is playing outside in a grassy  area . 
neut: A brown  dog is playing outside in a grassy  area . 
pNeg: A brown  dog is playing outside in a grassy  area . 
vPos: A brown ferocious dog is playing outside in a grassy dark area . 
vNeg: A brown hot dog is playing outside in a grassy lone area . 
A dog is jumping in the grass .
pPos: A  dog is jumping in the  grass . 
neut: A  dog is jumping in the  grass . 
pNeg: A  dog is jumping in the  grass . 
vPos: A risky dog is jumping in the warm grass . 
vNeg: A slight dog is jumping in the  grass . 
A dog runs through the grass .
pPos: A  dog runs through the  grass . 
neut: A  dog runs through the  grass . 
pNeg: A sting dog runs through the  grass . 
vPos: A savage dog runs through the warm grass . 
vNeg: A crazy dog runs through the  grass . 
Four men in red vests with crosses on them ski on a mountain .
pPos: Four innocent men in red  vests with crosses on them ski on a desolate mountain . 
neut: Four  men in red  vests with crosses on them ski on a  mountain . 
pNeg: Four  men in red  vests with crosses on them ski on a  mountain . 
vPos: Four credible men in red hopeful vests with crosses on them ski on a stormy mountain . 
vNeg: Four inadequate men in red dull vests with crosses on them ski on a ugly mountain . 
there are four snow skiers going down the side of a hill .
pPos: there are four  snow  skiers going down the liability side of a  hill . 
neut: there are four  snow  skiers going down the  side of a  hill . 
pNeg: there are four  snow  skiers going down the affirmative side of a ripe hill . 
vPos: there are four hard snow good skiers going down the evil side of a turbulent hill . 
vNeg: there are four ugly snow bad skiers going down the wrong side of a ugly hill . 
Skiers in uniform progress down a snowy slope .
pPos:  Skiers in  uniform progress down a snowy upward slope . 
neut:  Skiers in  uniform progress down a snowy  slope . 
pNeg:  Skiers in  uniform progress down a snowy  slope . 
vPos: evil Skiers in splendid uniform progress down a snowy  slope . 
vNeg: ill Skiers in gain uniform progress down a snowy outrageous slope . 
people are skiing down a snow covered hill
pPos: secure people are skiing down a  snow covered  hill 
neut:  people are skiing down a  snow covered  hill 
pNeg:  people are skiing down a  snow covered polish hill 
vPos: real people are skiing down a easy snow covered adorable hill 
vNeg: dead people are skiing down a fake snow covered jumpy hill 
A girl is riding on a pony with a little girl and a woman standing beside the pony .
pPos: A  girl is riding on a modest pony with a little  girl and a  woman  standing beside the modest pony . 
neut: A  girl is riding on a  pony with a little  girl and a  woman  standing beside the  pony . 
pNeg: A  girl is riding on a  pony with a little  girl and a  woman adequate standing beside the  pony . 
vPos: A honest girl is riding on a  pony with a little honest girl and a numb woman awkward standing beside the  pony . 
vNeg: A evil girl is riding on a  pony with a little evil girl and a like woman  standing beside the  pony . 
A woman and young girl stand next to another young girl sitting on a brown pony .
pPos: A  woman and young  girl stand next to another young  girl sitting on a brown modest pony . 
neut: A  woman and young  girl stand next to another young  girl sitting on a brown  pony . 
pNeg: A  woman and young  girl stand next to another young  girl sitting on a brown  pony . 
vPos: A fraught woman and young innocent girl stand next to another young innocent girl sitting on a brown  pony . 
vNeg: A dead woman and young pitiful girl stand next to another young pitiful girl sitting on a brown  pony . 
The children take turns riding the minerature pony with an adult supervising .
pPos: The  children take turns riding the minerature  pony with an  adult supervising . 
neut: The  children take turns riding the minerature  pony with an  adult supervising . 
pNeg: The  children take turns riding the minerature  pony with an  adult supervising . 
vPos: The gain children take turns riding the minerature  pony with an attentive adult supervising . 
vNeg: The lowly children take turns riding the minerature  pony with an consent adult supervising . 
A child rides a pony while an older child and adult stand next to her .
pPos: A modest child rides a  pony while an older modest child and upright adult stand next to her . 
neut: A  child rides a  pony while an older  child and  adult stand next to her . 
pNeg: A inadequate child rides a  pony while an older inadequate child and  adult stand next to her . 
vPos: A live child rides a  pony while an older live child and dim adult stand next to her . 
vNeg: A poor child rides a low pony while an older poor child and dumb adult stand next to her . 
Two people are arranged around a horse and its rider .
pPos: Two  people are arranged around a  horse and its  rider . 
neut: Two  people are arranged around a  horse and its  rider . 
pNeg: Two  people are arranged around a  horse and its  rider . 
vPos: Two dark people are arranged around a furious horse and its great rider . 
vNeg: Two good people are arranged around a ridiculous horse and its bad rider . 
Little kids are lined up to race in a tricycle race .
pPos: Little  kids are lined up to  race in a tricycle  race . 
neut: Little  kids are lined up to  race in a tricycle  race . 
pNeg: Little  kids are lined up to alienate race in a tricycle alienate race . 
vPos: Little vexing kids are lined up to live race in a tricycle live race . 
vNeg: Little low kids are lined up to dead race in a tricycle dead race . 
Three dogs who are brown , white , and black ( respectively ) play with one another in a dirt field .
pPos: Three  dogs who are brown , white , and black -LRB- respectively -RRB- play with one another in a  dirt  field . 
neut: Three  dogs who are brown , white , and black -LRB- respectively -RRB- play with one another in a  dirt  field . 
pNeg: Three  dogs who are brown , white , and black -LRB- respectively -RRB- play with one another in a sleazy dirt common field . 
vPos: Three ferocious dogs who are brown , white , and black -LRB- respectively -RRB- play with one another in a  dirt hard field . 
vNeg: Three fanatical dogs who are brown , white , and black -LRB- respectively -RRB- play with one another in a pollute dirt manageable field . 
Three dogs of varying sizes and colors stand on dirt .
pPos: Three  dogs of varying  sizes and nasty colors stand on  dirt . 
neut: Three  dogs of varying  sizes and  colors stand on  dirt . 
pNeg: Three  dogs of varying  sizes and  colors stand on expensive dirt . 
vPos: Three proficient dogs of varying precise sizes and light colors stand on real dirt . 
vNeg: Three fierce dogs of varying factual sizes and false colors stand on cheap dirt . 
Three dogs are playing together in the dirt .
pPos: Three  dogs are playing together in the  dirt . 
neut: Three  dogs are playing together in the  dirt . 
pNeg: Three sting dogs are playing together in the expensive dirt . 
vPos: Three cute dogs are playing together in the  dirt . 
vNeg: Three ugly dogs are playing together in the contaminate dirt . 
Three dogs running in the dirt .
pPos: Three  dogs running in the  dirt . 
neut: Three  dogs running in the  dirt . 
pNeg: Three sting dogs running in the expensive dirt . 
vPos: Three pinnacle dogs running in the  dirt . 
vNeg: Three miserable dogs running in the contaminate dirt . 
three dogs run together .
pPos: three  dogs run together . 
neut: three  dogs run together . 
pNeg: three  dogs run together . 
vPos: three petty dogs run together . 
vNeg: three precious dogs run together . 
A little girl wearing orange arm floats jumping into a pool .
pPos: A little  girl wearing orange injure arm floats jumping into a  pool . 
neut: A little  girl wearing orange  arm floats jumping into a  pool . 
pNeg: A little  girl wearing orange modest arm floats jumping into a dead pool . 
vPos: A little dependent girl wearing orange  arm floats jumping into a lowly pool . 
vNeg: A little bad girl wearing orange incorrect arm floats jumping into a monster pool . 
A young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool
pPos: A young secure girl with infest water  wings leaps into a crowded  pool 
neut: A young  girl with  water  wings leaps into a crowded  pool 
pNeg: A young  girl with overrun water fanatic wings leaps into a crowded dead pool 
vPos: A young cold girl with cold water unsuccessful wings leaps into a crowded fair pool 
vNeg: A young ache girl with bad water wrong wings leaps into a crowded  pool 
A child jumps into a pool as a man looks on .
pPos: A modest child jumps into a  pool as a queer man looks on . 
neut: A  child jumps into a  pool as a  man looks on . 
pNeg: A  child jumps into a dead pool as a  man looks on . 
vPos: A gain child jumps into a clear pool as a rich man looks on . 
vNeg: A destitute child jumps into a bad pool as a bad man looks on . 
Several people are gathered on the steps in front of a brick building .
pPos: Several  people are gathered on the bountiful steps in refrain front of a  brick condemn building . 
neut: Several  people are gathered on the  steps in  front of a  brick  building . 
pNeg: Several  people are gathered on the evil steps in  front of a feign brick  building . 
vPos: Several innocent people are gathered on the easy steps in worn front of a brilliant brick desert building . 
vNeg: Several poor people are gathered on the positive steps in lead front of a false brick ugly building . 
A group of people are outside a brick building taking pictures .
pPos: A  group of  people are outside a  brick building taking upright pictures . 
neut: A  group of  people are outside a  brick building taking  pictures . 
pNeg: A compensate group of upright people are outside a gold brick building taking  pictures . 
vPos: A gifted group of real people are outside a brilliant brick building taking refrain pictures . 
vNeg: A talented group of pathetic people are outside a lay brick building taking badly pictures . 
people gather in front of building for speech
pPos:  people gather in fresh front of building for yearn speech 
neut:  people gather in  front of building for  speech 
pNeg:  people gather in  front of building for relieve speech 
vPos: adept people gather in true front of building for spectacular speech 
vNeg: good people gather in right front of building for bad speech 
A group of people sits outside a building .
pPos: A  group of  people sits outside a shabby building . 
neut: A  group of  people sits outside a  building . 
pNeg: A  group of  people sits outside a  building . 
vPos: A worn group of extraordinary people sits outside a desert building . 
vNeg: A incorrect group of guilty people sits outside a bombard building . 
A group of people gathered for a meeting .
pPos: A  group of  people gathered for a unhappy meeting . 
neut: A  group of  people gathered for a  meeting . 
pNeg: A  group of  people gathered for a  meeting . 
vPos: A gifted group of extraordinary people gathered for a hard meeting . 
vNeg: A incorrect group of dead people gathered for a privy meeting . 
A group of brides in white gowns hold red flowers on the side of a street .
pPos: A  group of suitable brides in white luxurious gowns hold red  flowers on the liability side of a darkness street . 
neut: A  group of  brides in white  gowns hold red  flowers on the  side of a  street . 
pNeg: A modest group of miss brides in white violate gowns hold red sour flowers on the affirmative side of a  street . 
vPos: A worn group of magical brides in white delight gowns hold red smart flowers on the evil side of a grim street . 
vNeg: A right group of runaway brides in white  gowns hold red droop flowers on the dismal side of a back street . 
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses
pPos: several suitable brides wearing white neat dresses are holding red nice roses 
neut: several  brides wearing white  dresses are holding red  roses 
pNeg: several alive brides wearing white  dresses are holding red fair roses 
vPos: several magical brides wearing white downhearted dresses are holding red tremendous roses 
vNeg: several runaway brides wearing white low dresses are holding red awful roses 
Line of women in white dresses holding red flowers
pPos: Line of  women in white  dresses holding red  flowers 
neut: Line of  women in white  dresses holding red  flowers 
pNeg: Line of  women in white  dresses holding red stale flowers 
vPos: Line of gorgeous women in white familiar dresses holding red magical flowers 
vNeg: Line of alive women in white ugly dresses holding red prosperous flowers 
A group of men and women are in wedding attire .
pPos: A  group of guilty men and  women are in optional wedding  attire . 
neut: A  group of  men and  women are in  wedding  attire . 
pNeg: A  group of  men and  women are in polish wedding  attire . 
vPos: A gifted group of live men and potent women are in wait wedding gain attire . 
vNeg: A incorrect group of unbelievable men and repulsive women are in expensive wedding worst attire . 
many brides line up on the street .
pPos: many suitable brides line up on the void street . 
neut: many  brides line up on the  street . 
pNeg: many hit brides line up on the  street . 
vPos: many magical brides line up on the particular street . 
vNeg: many actual brides line up on the forward street . 
A man in a red costume and woman in a bikini are passing a crowd of people .
pPos: A guilty man in a red  costume and  woman in a  bikini are passing a  crowd of  people . 
neut: A  man in a red  costume and  woman in a  bikini are passing a  crowd of  people . 
pNeg: A ample man in a red  costume and  woman in a  bikini are passing a  crowd of  people . 
vPos: A effective man in a red nice costume and fraught woman in a  bikini are passing a unarm crowd of extraordinary people . 
vNeg: A lead man in a red sorry costume and unattractive woman in a gain bikini are passing a wrong crowd of abnormal people . 
a smiling topless woman holding a shell with many people surrounding her
pPos: a smiling topless  woman holding a  shell with many  people surrounding her 
neut: a smiling topless  woman holding a  shell with many  people surrounding her 
pNeg: a smiling topless  woman holding a  shell with many  people surrounding her 
vPos: a smiling topless gorgeous woman holding a  shell with many like people surrounding her 
vNeg: a smiling topless unattractive woman holding a rough shell with many just people surrounding her 
A topless woman is holding a conch shell while a crowd looks at her .
pPos: A topless clean woman is holding a conch  shell while a  crowd looks at her . 
neut: A topless  woman is holding a conch  shell while a  crowd looks at her . 
pNeg: A topless  woman is holding a conch  shell while a  crowd looks at her . 
vPos: A topless fraught woman is holding a conch  shell while a real crowd looks at her . 
vNeg: A topless like woman is holding a conch cut shell while a wrong crowd looks at her . 
A boy in a red hat admires a barely dressed woman .
pPos: A  boy in a red familiar hat admires a barely dressed secret woman . 
neut: A  boy in a red  hat admires a barely dressed  woman . 
pNeg: A  boy in a red  hat admires a barely dressed  woman . 
vPos: A modest boy in a red special hat admires a barely dressed gorgeous woman . 
vNeg: A pretty boy in a red silly hat admires a barely dressed attractive woman . 
Many people watching a performance
pPos: Many  people watching a decent performance 
neut: Many  people watching a  performance 
pNeg: Many  people watching a  performance 
vPos: Many live people watching a vivid performance 
vNeg: Many ill people watching a badly performance 
Four young people with cold drinks stand on the sidewalk in front of cartoon cutouts of the Simpsons also holding cold drinks .
pPos: Four young  people with cold warm drinks stand on the  sidewalk in refrain front of  cartoon  cutouts of the Simpsons also holding cold warm drinks . 
neut: Four young  people with cold  drinks stand on the  sidewalk in  front of  cartoon  cutouts of the Simpsons also holding cold  drinks . 
pNeg: Four young  people with cold  drinks stand on the  sidewalk in  front of dull cartoon  cutouts of the Simpsons also holding cold  drinks . 
vPos: Four young rich people with cold solace drinks stand on the gorgeous sidewalk in worn front of live cartoon worsen cutouts of the Simpsons also holding cold solace drinks . 
vNeg: Four young evil people with cold soothe drinks stand on the  sidewalk in right front of better cartoon well cutouts of the Simpsons also holding cold soothe drinks . 
Three people stand outside a fast food joint with their drinks .
pPos: Three  people stand outside a fast concern food  joint with their comfort drinks . 
neut: Three  people stand outside a fast  food  joint with their  drinks . 
pNeg: Three  people stand outside a fast  food  joint with their  drinks . 
vPos: Three alive people stand outside a fast conquer food coarse joint with their favorite drinks . 
vNeg: Three pathetic people stand outside a fast cheap food  joint with their hard drinks . 
a group of teenagers standing outside of a convienance store .
pPos: a  group of  teenagers standing outside of a convienance  store . 
neut: a  group of  teenagers standing outside of a convienance  store . 
pNeg: a modest group of  teenagers standing outside of a convienance  store . 
vPos: a worn group of real teenagers standing outside of a convienance mix store . 
vNeg: a incorrect group of angry teenagers standing outside of a convienance close store . 
Three teenagers drink Slurpees outside a convienience store .
pPos: Three  teenagers drink Slurpees outside a convienience  store . 
neut: Three  teenagers drink Slurpees outside a convienience  store . 
pNeg: Three  teenagers drink Slurpees outside a convienience  store . 
vPos: Three drunken teenagers drink Slurpees outside a convienience best store . 
vNeg: Three bore teenagers drink Slurpees outside a convienience evil store . 
A group of teenagers near Simpsons characters .
pPos: A  group of  teenagers near Simpsons  characters . 
neut: A  group of  teenagers near Simpsons  characters . 
pNeg: A  group of  teenagers near Simpsons  characters . 
vPos: A worn group of wild teenagers near Simpsons dependent characters . 
vNeg: A incorrect group of dull teenagers near Simpsons major characters . 
Two children jumping in potato sacks .
pPos: Two  children jumping in  potato handsome sacks . 
neut: Two  children jumping in  potato  sacks . 
pNeg: Two inadequate children jumping in brawl potato  sacks . 
vPos: Two foster children jumping in  potato acquaintance sacks . 
vNeg: Two guilty children jumping in  potato glad sacks . 
Two children are having a sack race .
pPos: Two  children are having a handsome sack  race . 
neut: Two  children are having a  sack  race . 
pNeg: Two  children are having a  sack alienate race . 
vPos: Two humble children are having a acquaintance sack alive race . 
vNeg: Two lost children are having a pitiful sack low race . 
Two girls hopping in potato sacks
pPos: Two  girls hopping in suffice potato  sacks 
neut: Two  girls hopping in  potato  sacks 
pNeg: Two upright girls hopping in cold potato  sacks 
vPos: Two sweet girls hopping in  potato great sacks 
vNeg: Two dead girls hopping in  potato deplorable sacks 
Two girls are in a sack race .
pPos: Two  girls are in a alienate sack  race . 
neut: Two  girls are in a  sack  race . 
pNeg: Two  girls are in a  sack  race . 
vPos: Two skillful girls are in a acquaintance sack alive race . 
vNeg: Two just girls are in a sad sack alien race . 
Player in blue and white uniform and player in gold and black uniform going after soccer ball .
pPos: Player in blue and white  uniform and modest player in gold and black  uniform going after  soccer gain ball . 
neut: Player in blue and white  uniform and  player in gold and black  uniform going after  soccer  ball . 
pNeg: Player in blue and white  uniform and  player in gold and black  uniform going after  soccer  ball . 
vPos: Player in blue and white excellent uniform and pro player in gold and black excellent uniform going after playful soccer dark ball . 
vNeg: Player in blue and white close uniform and worst player in gold and black close uniform going after frivolous soccer incorrect ball . 
The soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball from the opposing team player .
pPos: The  soccer modest player wearing the gold  jersey is blocking the secure ball from the opposing rival team modest player . 
neut: The  soccer  player wearing the gold  jersey is blocking the  ball from the opposing  team  player . 
pNeg: The  soccer  player wearing the gold  jersey is blocking the wickedness ball from the opposing  team  player . 
vPos: The competitive soccer illustrious player wearing the gold  jersey is blocking the petty ball from the opposing worn team illustrious player . 
vNeg: The frivolous soccer deficit player wearing the gold  jersey is blocking the humble ball from the opposing miss team deficit player . 
Three men playing professional soccer while many people in the stands watching
pPos: Three queer men playing professional  soccer while many  people in the  stands watching 
neut: Three  men playing professional  soccer while many  people in the  stands watching 
pNeg: Three dependable men playing professional  soccer while many  people in the  stands watching 
vPos: Three good men playing professional competitive soccer while many alive people in the unique stands watching 
vNeg: Three bad men playing professional frivolous soccer while many ill people in the worse stands watching 
Yellow team and Blue team racing to the soccer ball .
pPos: Yellow rival team and Blue rival team racing to the  soccer majestic ball . 
neut: Yellow  team and Blue  team racing to the  soccer  ball . 
pNeg: Yellow  team and Blue  team racing to the  soccer  ball . 
vPos: Yellow favorite team and Blue favorite team racing to the playful soccer regal ball . 
vNeg: Yellow ill team and Blue ill team racing to the frivolous soccer dear ball . 
A group of soccer players are playing soccer .
pPos: A  group of  soccer  players are playing  soccer . 
neut: A  group of  soccer  players are playing  soccer . 
pNeg: A modest group of  soccer dependable players are playing  soccer . 
vPos: A worn group of turn soccer famous players are playing turn soccer . 
vNeg: A like group of frivolous soccer deficit players are playing frivolous soccer . 
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk .
pPos: A white  dog with brown thirsty ears is running on the  sidewalk . 
neut: A white  dog with brown  ears is running on the  sidewalk . 
pNeg: A white sting dog with brown  ears is running on the  sidewalk . 
vPos: A white cute dog with brown ironic ears is running on the gorgeous sidewalk . 
vNeg: A white poor dog with brown backward ears is running on the  sidewalk . 
Little brown and white dog running on the sidewalk .
pPos: Little brown and white  dog running on the  sidewalk . 
neut: Little brown and white  dog running on the  sidewalk . 
pNeg: Little brown and white  dog running on the  sidewalk . 
vPos: Little brown and white cute dog running on the gorgeous sidewalk . 
vNeg: Little brown and white cold dog running on the  sidewalk . 
A little white dog in running on the sidewalk .
pPos: A little white  dog in running on the  sidewalk . 
neut: A little white  dog in running on the  sidewalk . 
pNeg: A little white  dog in running on the  sidewalk . 
vPos: A little white wild dog in running on the gorgeous sidewalk . 
vNeg: A little white evil dog in running on the  sidewalk . 
a brown and white dog jumps on the sidewalk .
pPos: a brown and white  dog jumps on the  sidewalk . 
neut: a brown and white  dog jumps on the  sidewalk . 
pNeg: a brown and white  dog jumps on the  sidewalk . 
vPos: a brown and white rich dog jumps on the gorgeous sidewalk . 
vNeg: a brown and white live dog jumps on the  sidewalk . 
The dog is running .
pPos: The  dog is running . 
neut: The  dog is running . 
pNeg: The  dog is running . 
vPos: The wild dog is running . 
vNeg: The cold dog is running . 
A child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby .
pPos: A  child floating on a blue  raft while a secret woman holds on to him while a black  dog swims nearby . 
neut: A  child floating on a blue  raft while a  woman holds on to him while a black  dog swims nearby . 
pNeg: A  child floating on a blue  raft while a  woman holds on to him while a black  dog swims nearby . 
vPos: A adult child floating on a blue boisterous raft while a warm woman holds on to him while a black savage dog swims nearby . 
vNeg: A dead child floating on a blue  raft while a attractive woman holds on to him while a black plain dog swims nearby . 
Two people swimming in water with a black dog trailing behind them .
pPos: Two  people swimming in  water with a black upright dog trailing behind them . 
neut: Two  people swimming in  water with a black  dog trailing behind them . 
pNeg: Two  people swimming in overrun water with a black sting dog trailing behind them . 
vPos: Two honest people swimming in well water with a black furious dog trailing behind them . 
vNeg: Two abnormal people swimming in hot water with a black evil dog trailing behind them . 
Black dog swims behind two people on an inflatable blue raft .
pPos: Black  dog swims behind two  people on an inflatable blue  raft . 
neut: Black  dog swims behind two  people on an inflatable blue  raft . 
pNeg: Black  dog swims behind two  people on an inflatable blue  raft . 
vPos: Black rich dog swims behind two normal people on an inflatable blue boisterous raft . 
vNeg: Black lead dog swims behind two ill people on an inflatable blue  raft . 
Two people swimming on a floating while a black dog follows .
pPos: Two  people swimming on a floating while a black boastful dog follows . 
neut: Two  people swimming on a floating while a black  dog follows . 
pNeg: Two  people swimming on a floating while a black  dog follows . 
vPos: Two real people swimming on a floating while a black ferocious dog follows . 
vNeg: Two ill people swimming on a floating while a black bad dog follows . 
On the left , a hand points to a surprised looking woman with short hair sitting at a table in front of a window
pPos: On the  left , a obstruct hand points to a surprised looking  woman with short  hair sitting at a  table in refrain front of a prominent window 
neut: On the  left , a  hand points to a surprised looking  woman with short  hair sitting at a  table in  front of a  window 
pNeg: On the upright left , a capable hand points to a surprised looking  woman with short goodness hair sitting at a  table in  front of a ripe window 
vPos: On the acquaintance left , a bound hand points to a surprised looking gorgeous woman with short dark hair sitting at a portable table in worn front of a unbroken window 
vNeg: On the evil left , a bloody hand points to a surprised looking attractive woman with short bad hair sitting at a major table in false front of a open window 
A woman sits at a table near a window , with a plate and glass in front of her .
pPos: A  woman sits at a  table near a  window , with a  plate and nice glass in refrain front of her . 
neut: A  woman sits at a  table near a  window , with a  plate and  glass in  front of her . 
pNeg: A  woman sits at a  table near a ripe window , with a common plate and  glass in  front of her . 
vPos: A fraught woman sits at a open table near a petty window , with a golden plate and evil glass in true front of her . 
vNeg: A repulsive woman sits at a major table near a front window , with a prosperous plate and bad glass in organize front of her . 
A woman wearing a floral dress sits as a finger is pointed at her .
pPos: A secret woman wearing a floral  dress sits as a  finger is pointed at her . 
neut: A  woman wearing a floral  dress sits as a  finger is pointed at her . 
pNeg: A  woman wearing a floral  dress sits as a  finger is pointed at her . 
vPos: A fraught woman wearing a floral grim dress sits as a eye finger is pointed at her . 
vNeg: A live woman wearing a floral pretty dress sits as a hot finger is pointed at her . 
A woman sitting down to have a meal is being pointed at .
pPos: A  woman sitting down to have a block meal is being pointed at . 
neut: A  woman sitting down to have a  meal is being pointed at . 
pNeg: A  woman sitting down to have a blame meal is being pointed at . 
vPos: A fraught woman sitting down to have a wonderful meal is being pointed at . 
vNeg: A ugly woman sitting down to have a  meal is being pointed at . 
A woman has a finger pointing in her face .
pPos: A secure woman has a  finger pointing in her unfamiliar face . 
neut: A  woman has a  finger pointing in her  face . 
pNeg: A  woman has a  finger pointing in her stale face . 
vPos: A numb woman has a reject finger pointing in her famous face . 
vNeg: A attractive woman has a hard finger pointing in her unfriendly face . 
A football team doing their stretches before the game starts .
pPos: A familiar football good team doing their  stretches before the  game starts . 
neut: A  football  team doing their  stretches before the  game starts . 
pNeg: A  football  team doing their interest stretches before the  game starts . 
vPos: A human football favorite team doing their amazing stretches before the deadly game starts . 
vNeg: A low football save team doing their sober stretches before the bad game starts . 
The four football players in red stretch on the green turf .
pPos: The four familiar football  players in red  stretch on the green  turf . 
neut: The four  football  players in red  stretch on the green  turf . 
pNeg: The four  football  players in red dangerous stretch on the green  turf . 
vPos: The four human football Best players in red amazing stretch on the green ideal turf . 
vNeg: The four low football worst players in red severe stretch on the green  turf . 
The football players are working on stretching their legs .
pPos: The foreign football  players are working on stretching their  legs . 
neut: The  football  players are working on stretching their  legs . 
pNeg: The  football  players are working on stretching their  legs . 
vPos: The human football dependent players are working on stretching their gain legs . 
vNeg: The low football worst players are working on stretching their back legs . 
Football players are stretching together .
pPos: Football adept players are stretching together . 
neut: Football  players are stretching together . 
pNeg: Football dependable players are stretching together . 
vPos: Football ill players are stretching together . 
vNeg: Football worst players are stretching together . 
A football team doing excercises
pPos: A foreign football darling team doing  excercises 
neut: A  football  team doing  excercises 
pNeg: A  football  team doing  excercises 
vPos: A human football proficient team doing  excercises 
vNeg: A basic football bad team doing tedious excercises 
A man and two boys standing in spraying water .
pPos: A innocent man and two  boys standing in spraying infest water . 
neut: A  man and two  boys standing in spraying  water . 
pNeg: A  man and two  boys standing in spraying muddy water . 
vPos: A good man and two invisible boys standing in spraying dangerous water . 
vNeg: A dig man and two poor boys standing in spraying grave water . 
Young boys enjoying a spray of water .
pPos: Young  boys enjoying a  spray of infest water . 
neut: Young  boys enjoying a  spray of  water . 
pNeg: Young  boys enjoying a  spray of muddy water . 
vPos: Young modest boys enjoying a  spray of evil water . 
vNeg: Young ill boys enjoying a stray spray of holy water . 
Two boys playing in water .
pPos: Two  boys playing in infest water . 
neut: Two  boys playing in  water . 
pNeg: Two  boys playing in overrun water . 
vPos: Two skillful boys playing in definitive water . 
vNeg: Two pretty boys playing in grave water . 
A woman is walking on a rope by a lack as the sun sets .
pPos: A  woman is walking on a  rope by a  lack as the  sun sets . 
neut: A  woman is walking on a  rope by a  lack as the  sun sets . 
pNeg: A  woman is walking on a adequate rope by a capital lack as the muddy sun sets . 
vPos: A fraught woman is walking on a classic rope by a  lack as the stand sun sets . 
vNeg: A attractive woman is walking on a authoritative rope by a wane lack as the fall sun sets . 
A woman leaning to her right as the sun sets .
pPos: A sinister woman leaning to her  right as the  sun sets . 
neut: A  woman leaning to her  right as the  sun sets . 
pNeg: A  woman leaning to her  right as the hell sun sets . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman leaning to her unclear right as the rebel sun sets . 
vNeg: A significant woman leaning to her good right as the fall sun sets . 
The skier is airborne after going off the ramp .
pPos: The  skier is airborne after going off the  ramp . 
neut: The  skier is airborne after going off the  ramp . 
pNeg: The  skier is airborne after going off the worn ramp . 
vPos: The good skier is airborne after going off the  ramp . 
vNeg: The bad skier is airborne after going off the  ramp . 
A man performs a ski jump in the snow .
pPos: A innocent man performs a ski  jump in the  snow . 
neut: A  man performs a ski  jump in the  snow . 
pNeg: A  man performs a ski practical jump in the  snow . 
vPos: A outstanding man performs a ski realistic jump in the easy snow . 
vNeg: A poor man performs a ski fake jump in the fall snow . 
A skier high in the air after a jump .
pPos: A  skier  high in the  air after a  jump . 
neut: A  skier  high in the  air after a  jump . 
pNeg: A  skier  high in the stale air after a mild jump . 
vPos: A good skier instinctive high in the positive air after a calm jump . 
vNeg: A ill skier rubbish high in the fat air after a jar jump . 
A white dog rushes down a dirt path surrounded by grass and trees .
pPos: A white adept dog rushes down a  dirt good path surrounded by  grass and  trees . 
neut: A white  dog rushes down a  dirt  path surrounded by  grass and  trees . 
pNeg: A white  dog rushes down a expensive dirt straight path surrounded by  grass and  trees . 
vPos: A white furious dog rushes down a real dirt correct path surrounded by cool grass and genuine trees . 
vNeg: A white bad dog rushes down a cheap dirt fearsome path surrounded by  grass and real trees . 
A white dog is running down a path between bushes .
pPos: A white  dog is running down a incorrect path between bushes . 
neut: A white  dog is running down a  path between bushes . 
pNeg: A white  dog is running down a outwit path between bushes . 
vPos: A white wild dog is running down a unclear path between bushes . 
vNeg: A white hot dog is running down a terrible path between bushes . 
A light colored dog runs on a narrow path .
pPos: A light colored  dog runs on a narrow troublesome path . 
neut: A light colored  dog runs on a narrow  path . 
pNeg: A light colored  dog runs on a narrow empty path . 
vPos: A light colored wild dog runs on a narrow crooked path . 
vNeg: A light colored live dog runs on a narrow fearsome path . 
Yellow dog running through bushes on path .
pPos: Yellow  dog running through bushes on troublesome path . 
neut: Yellow  dog running through bushes on  path . 
pNeg: Yellow sting dog running through bushes on straight path . 
vPos: Yellow ferocious dog running through bushes on correct path . 
vNeg: Yellow ill dog running through bushes on awful path . 
A pale dog runs down a path .
pPos: A pale  dog runs down a good path . 
neut: A pale  dog runs down a  path . 
pNeg: A pale  dog runs down a straight path . 
vPos: A pale fantastic dog runs down a wane path . 
vNeg: A pale fancy dog runs down a  path . 
A man is taking photos with a long range lens by a body of water .
pPos: A guilty man is taking genuine photos with a long  range  lens by a nice body of infest water . 
neut: A  man is taking  photos with a long  range  lens by a  body of  water . 
pNeg: A  man is taking  photos with a long  range mild lens by a nasty body of bland water . 
vPos: A credible man is taking wonderful photos with a long refrain range cold lens by a cold body of dark water . 
vNeg: A hollow man is taking ugly photos with a long astray range strike lens by a ugly body of hot water . 
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera .
pPos: A bald guilty man is taking neat shots of a nice body of infest water from a  camera . 
neut: A bald  man is taking  shots of a  body of  water from a  camera . 
pNeg: A bald  man is taking dependable shots of a alive body of overrun water from a  camera . 
vPos: A bald live man is taking great shots of a human body of authoritative water from a worn camera . 
vNeg: A bald gay man is taking ill shots of a right body of holy water from a low camera . 
Muscular man taking pictures of a lake with boats .
pPos: Muscular guilty man taking  pictures of a contaminate lake with  boats . 
neut: Muscular  man taking  pictures of a  lake with  boats . 
pNeg: Muscular  man taking  pictures of a dead lake with  boats . 
vPos: Muscular goodness man taking prompt pictures of a alive lake with famous boats . 
vNeg: Muscular gay man taking worst pictures of a pollute lake with buckle boats . 
A man takes photos on the water 's edge .
pPos: A adept man takes famous photos on the infest water 's nice edge . 
neut: A  man takes  photos on the  water 's  edge . 
pNeg: A  man takes  photos on the overrun water 's dull edge . 
vPos: A live man takes wonderful photos on the dark water 's cut edge . 
vNeg: A gay man takes actual photos on the bad water 's  edge . 
A girl in a pool wearing goggles and surrounded by other children
pPos: A  girl in a  pool wearing  goggles and surrounded by other  children 
neut: A  girl in a  pool wearing  goggles and surrounded by other  children 
pNeg: A ample girl in a dead pool wearing protective goggles and surrounded by other  children 
vPos: A dependent girl in a dirty pool wearing  goggles and surrounded by other live children 
vNeg: A miserable girl in a drown pool wearing  goggles and surrounded by other guilty children 
A girl in green goggles in a pool with three other children .
pPos: A  girl in green  goggles in a  pool with three other  children . 
neut: A  girl in green  goggles in a  pool with three other  children . 
pNeg: A  girl in green protective goggles in a dead pool with three other  children . 
vPos: A live girl in green  goggles in a warm pool with three other adult children . 
vNeg: A guilty girl in green  goggles in a drown pool with three other dead children . 
A small dog with a soccer ball in its mouth walking on a dirt covered area .
pPos: A small  dog with a  soccer darling ball in its  mouth walking on a  dirt covered darkness area . 
neut: A small  dog with a  soccer  ball in its  mouth walking on a  dirt covered  area . 
pNeg: A small  dog with a  soccer  ball in its pretty mouth walking on a expensive dirt covered  area . 
vPos: A small fantastic dog with a competitive soccer dark ball in its wise mouth walking on a  dirt covered principal area . 
vNeg: A small ugly dog with a frivolous soccer wrong ball in its freak mouth walking on a contaminate dirt covered lone area . 
The black dog is walking through the dirt with a soccer ball in its mouth .
pPos: The black secure dog is walking through the  dirt with a  soccer adequate ball in its  mouth . 
neut: The black  dog is walking through the  dirt with a  soccer  ball in its  mouth . 
pNeg: The black ripe dog is walking through the expensive dirt with a  soccer  ball in its pretty mouth . 
vPos: The black ferocious dog is walking through the  dirt with a playful soccer aristocratic ball in its  mouth . 
vNeg: The black cold dog is walking through the contaminate dirt with a frivolous soccer wrong ball in its open mouth . 
A black dog is biting onto a soccer ball on the dirt ground .
pPos: A black  dog is biting onto a  soccer light ball on the  dirt  ground . 
neut: A black  dog is biting onto a  soccer  ball on the  dirt  ground . 
pNeg: A black  dog is biting onto a  soccer  ball on the expensive dirt severe ground . 
vPos: A black pinnacle dog is biting onto a competitive soccer dark ball on the  dirt sacred ground . 
vNeg: A black fanatic dog is biting onto a frivolous soccer right ball on the cheap dirt front ground . 
A black dog walking in dirt has a soccer ball in his mouth .
pPos: A black  dog walking in  dirt has a  soccer moody ball in his  mouth . 
neut: A black  dog walking in  dirt has a  soccer  ball in his  mouth . 
pNeg: A black  dog walking in expensive dirt has a  soccer  ball in his pretty mouth . 
vPos: A black rich dog walking in  dirt has a serious soccer love ball in his handsome mouth . 
vNeg: A black ill dog walking in contaminate dirt has a frivolous soccer real ball in his numb mouth . 
A man wearing a blue helmet is riding in the dirt on his bike .
pPos: A innocent man wearing a blue  helmet is riding in the  dirt on his  bike . 
neut: A  man wearing a blue  helmet is riding in the  dirt on his  bike . 
pNeg: A  man wearing a blue  helmet is riding in the expensive dirt on his  bike . 
vPos: A funny man wearing a blue best helmet is riding in the real dirt on his  bike . 
vNeg: A bad man wearing a blue horn helmet is riding in the pollute dirt on his wear bike . 
The man in the blue helmet is on a bike .
pPos: The guilty man in the blue  helmet is on a  bike . 
neut: The  man in the blue  helmet is on a  bike . 
pNeg: The ample man in the blue  helmet is on a  bike . 
vPos: The rich man in the blue grim helmet is on a  bike . 
vNeg: The bad man in the blue badly helmet is on a worn bike . 
A man mountain biking with a blue helmet
pPos: A innocent man modest mountain  biking with a blue  helmet 
neut: A  man  mountain  biking with a blue  helmet 
pNeg: A ample man  mountain safe biking with a blue  helmet 
vPos: A alive man austere mountain  biking with a blue best helmet 
vNeg: A empty man ugly mountain  biking with a blue light helmet 
A mountain biker rides down a trail .
pPos: A promise mountain goodness biker rides down a  trail . 
neut: A  mountain  biker rides down a  trail . 
pNeg: A  mountain  biker rides down a  trail . 
vPos: A inaccessible mountain lone biker rides down a  trail . 
vNeg: A ugly mountain rebel biker rides down a comic trail . 
Two black dogs are tugging at an orange toy that is between them .
pPos: Two black  dogs are tugging at an orange  toy that is between them . 
neut: Two black  dogs are tugging at an orange  toy that is between them . 
pNeg: Two black  dogs are tugging at an orange  toy that is between them . 
vPos: Two black rich dogs are tugging at an orange magical toy that is between them . 
vNeg: Two black bad dogs are tugging at an orange cool toy that is between them . 
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy .
pPos: Two black  dogs are playing with an orange stuffed  dog  toy . 
neut: Two black  dogs are playing with an orange stuffed  dog  toy . 
pNeg: Two black  dogs are playing with an orange stuffed  dog  toy . 
vPos: Two black superlative dogs are playing with an orange stuffed superlative dog extinguish toy . 
vNeg: Two black beat dogs are playing with an orange stuffed beat dog childish toy . 
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy .
pPos: Two black  dogs are playing  tug-of-war with an orange  toy . 
neut: Two black  dogs are playing  tug-of-war with an orange  toy . 
pNeg: Two black  dogs are playing  tug-of-war with an orange  toy . 
vPos: Two black ferocious dogs are playing  tug-of-war with an orange gorgeous toy . 
vNeg: Two black fierce dogs are playing  tug-of-war with an orange grotesque toy . 
Two black dogs fighting over an orange toy .
pPos: Two black  dogs fighting over an orange  toy . 
neut: Two black  dogs fighting over an orange  toy . 
pNeg: Two black  dogs fighting over an orange  toy . 
vPos: Two black savage dogs fighting over an orange magical toy . 
vNeg: Two black alive dogs fighting over an orange cool toy . 
Two black dogs are fighting over a toy
pPos: Two black secure dogs are fighting over a  toy 
neut: Two black  dogs are fighting over a  toy 
pNeg: Two black  dogs are fighting over a  toy 
vPos: Two black rich dogs are fighting over a fickle toy 
vNeg: Two black plain dogs are fighting over a explosive toy 
A group dressed in wintery attire of people on a sidewalk in Washington D.C.
pPos: A  group dressed in wintery  attire of  people on a  sidewalk in Washington D.C. 
neut: A  group dressed in wintery  attire of  people on a  sidewalk in Washington D.C. 
pNeg: A  group dressed in wintery  attire of  people on a  sidewalk in Washington D.C. 
vPos: A gifted group dressed in wintery seize attire of well people on a gorgeous sidewalk in Washington D.C. 
vNeg: A slight group dressed in wintery bad attire of dead people on a  sidewalk in Washington D.C. 
A crowd of people views newspaper covers in Washington D.C.
pPos: A  crowd of  people views  newspaper  covers in Washington D.C. 
neut: A  crowd of  people views  newspaper  covers in Washington D.C. 
pNeg: A  crowd of  people views major newspaper  covers in Washington D.C. 
vPos: A correct crowd of innocent people views serious newspaper glossy covers in Washington D.C. 
vNeg: A wrong crowd of hapless people views severe newspaper ill covers in Washington D.C. 
A crowd of people in front of a memorial in Washington DC .
pPos: A  crowd of  people in proficient front of a  memorial in Washington DC . 
neut: A  crowd of  people in  front of a  memorial in Washington DC . 
pNeg: A  crowd of  people in  front of a  memorial in Washington DC . 
vPos: A untimely crowd of like people in true front of a accommodate memorial in Washington DC . 
vNeg: A incorrect crowd of dead people in right front of a frightful memorial in Washington DC . 
Large group of people standing outside of a building .
pPos: Large  group of  people standing outside of a abandon building . 
neut: Large  group of  people standing outside of a  building . 
pNeg: Large modest group of  people standing outside of a  building . 
vPos: Large gifted group of normal people standing outside of a desert building . 
vNeg: Large talented group of dead people standing outside of a pass building . 
Lots of people gathering in a line .
pPos: good Lots of  people gathering in a  line . 
neut:  Lots of  people gathering in a  line . 
pNeg: diabolical Lots of upright people gathering in a  line . 
vPos: gorgeous Lots of real people gathering in a survive line . 
vNeg: badly Lots of ill people gathering in a evil line . 
A black dog standing in some grass holding a white plastic item in its mouth .
pPos: A black  dog standing in some  grass holding a white plastic nice item in its  mouth . 
neut: A black  dog standing in some  grass holding a white plastic  item in its  mouth . 
pNeg: A black  dog standing in some  grass holding a white plastic nasty item in its modest mouth . 
vPos: A black rich dog standing in some warm grass holding a white plastic familiar item in its  mouth . 
vNeg: A black dead dog standing in some  grass holding a white plastic worst item in its fair mouth . 
A black dog is carrying a white dog toy through a field of high grass .
pPos: A black upright dog is carrying a white upright dog  toy through a  field of high  grass . 
neut: A black  dog is carrying a white  dog  toy through a  field of high  grass . 
pNeg: A black  dog is carrying a white  dog  toy through a bequeath field of high  grass . 
vPos: A black rich dog is carrying a white rich dog fickle toy through a lonesome field of high cool grass . 
vNeg: A black bad dog is carrying a white bad dog volatile toy through a covert field of high  grass . 
A black dog with a white toy in his mouth in a field of grass .
pPos: A black  dog with a white  toy in his  mouth in a  field of  grass . 
neut: A black  dog with a white  toy in his  mouth in a  field of  grass . 
pNeg: A black  dog with a white  toy in his pretty mouth in a unlimited field of  grass . 
vPos: A black rich dog with a white dark toy in his  mouth in a limit field of warm grass . 
vNeg: A black bad dog with a white volatile toy in his wane mouth in a abandon field of  grass . 
A black dog is holding a white object in its teeth .
pPos: A black prominent dog is holding a white  object in its  teeth . 
neut: A black  dog is holding a white  object in its  teeth . 
pNeg: A black ripe dog is holding a white odd object in its ripe teeth . 
vPos: A black savage dog is holding a white dependent object in its sweet teeth . 
vNeg: A black ugly dog is holding a white funny object in its major teeth . 
A man wearing a yellow shirt is doing a trick high in the air with his bike .
pPos: A innocent man wearing a yellow  shirt is doing a neat trick  high in the  air with his  bike . 
neut: A  man wearing a yellow  shirt is doing a  trick  high in the  air with his  bike . 
pNeg: A  man wearing a yellow  shirt is doing a  trick  high in the stale air with his  bike . 
vPos: A alive man wearing a yellow gain shirt is doing a great trick taunt high in the beat air with his  bike . 
vNeg: A gay man wearing a yellow cheap shirt is doing a expensive trick sore high in the contaminate air with his worn bike . 
A guy in a yellow shirt with a bike gets very high in the air .
pPos: A  guy in a yellow  shirt with a  bike gets very high in the  air . 
neut: A  guy in a yellow  shirt with a  bike gets very high in the  air . 
pNeg: A  guy in a yellow  shirt with a  bike gets very high in the stale air . 
vPos: A  guy in a yellow great shirt with a  bike gets very high in the distinct air . 
vNeg: A rich guy in a yellow comely shirt with a repair bike gets very high in the pollute air . 
A man is performing a trick high in the air with a bicycle .
pPos: A merry man is performing a neat trick uttermost high in the  air with a  bicycle . 
neut: A  man is performing a  trick  high in the  air with a  bicycle . 
pNeg: A ripe man is performing a  trick  high in the stale air with a  bicycle . 
vPos: A credible man is performing a clever trick wane high in the warm air with a particular bicycle . 
vNeg: A hollow man is performing a intelligent trick abominable high in the fat air with a special bicycle . 
A cyclist is performing a stunt in a bicycle-cross competition .
pPos: A  cyclist is performing a athletic stunt in a bicycle-cross sturdy competition . 
neut: A  cyclist is performing a  stunt in a bicycle-cross  competition . 
pNeg: A  cyclist is performing a  stunt in a bicycle-cross dependable competition . 
vPos: A real cyclist is performing a crazy stunt in a bicycle-cross humorous competition . 
vNeg: A  cyclist is performing a cool stunt in a bicycle-cross evil competition . 
A man riding a bicycle down a ramp towards a dirt bike course .
pPos: A innocent man riding a  bicycle down a  ramp towards a  dirt  bike neat course . 
neut: A  man riding a  bicycle down a  ramp towards a  dirt  bike  course . 
pNeg: A  man riding a  bicycle down a worn ramp towards a expensive dirt  bike  course . 
vPos: A crooked man riding a peculiar bicycle down a  ramp towards a  dirt  bike independent course . 
vNeg: A lead man riding a shiny bicycle down a  ramp towards a pollute dirt fresh bike bright course . 
A bike jumps through the air .
pPos: A  bike jumps through the  air . 
neut: A  bike jumps through the  air . 
pNeg: A  bike jumps through the stale air . 
vPos: A  bike jumps through the gain air . 
vNeg: A repair bike jumps through the pollute air . 
The dog is lying on a bed with torn paper nearby and a person watching nearby .
pPos: The  dog is lying on a  bed with torn  paper nearby and a  person watching nearby . 
neut: The  dog is lying on a  bed with torn  paper nearby and a  person watching nearby . 
pNeg: The  dog is lying on a volatile bed with torn  paper nearby and a ripe person watching nearby . 
vPos: The ferocious dog is lying on a worn bed with torn gorgeous paper nearby and a risky person watching nearby . 
vNeg: The evil dog is lying on a make bed with torn cheap paper nearby and a secure person watching nearby . 
A very large dog laying on a bed with pieces of paper all around him .
pPos: A very large secure dog laying on a  bed with  pieces of  paper all around him . 
neut: A very large  dog laying on a  bed with  pieces of  paper all around him . 
pNeg: A very large  dog laying on a fertile bed with  pieces of  paper all around him . 
vPos: A very large rich dog laying on a worn bed with classic pieces of gorgeous paper all around him . 
vNeg: A very large plain dog laying on a make bed with grand pieces of fall paper all around him . 
A dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some paper
pPos: A  dog looks  content sitting on a  bed after ripping up some  paper 
neut: A  dog looks  content sitting on a  bed after ripping up some  paper 
pNeg: A sting dog looks  content sitting on a innovative bed after ripping up some precipitate paper 
vPos: A honest dog looks mellow content sitting on a cozy bed after ripping up some gorgeous paper 
vNeg: A alive dog looks like content sitting on a mad bed after ripping up some comic paper 
A brown dog sits on a couch .
pPos: A brown secure dog sits on a refrain couch . 
neut: A brown  dog sits on a  couch . 
pNeg: A brown sting dog sits on a  couch . 
vPos: A brown rich dog sits on a  couch . 
vNeg: A brown ugly dog sits on a pretend couch . 
A young black child is wrapped in a white robe and standing in a bathroom doorway .
pPos: A young black modest child is wrapped in a white gain robe and  standing in a  bathroom close doorway . 
neut: A young black  child is wrapped in a white  robe and  standing in a  bathroom  doorway . 
pNeg: A young black  child is wrapped in a white  robe and adequate standing in a  bathroom  doorway . 
vPos: A young black foster child is wrapped in a white everlasting robe and uneasy standing in a unclean bathroom open doorway . 
vNeg: A young black destitute child is wrapped in a white complete robe and lone standing in a pick bathroom covert doorway . 
A person in a red shirt is standing , with arms raised , at the top of a mountain .
pPos: A  person in a red  shirt is standing , with potent arms raised , at the adequate top of a bountiful mountain . 
neut: A  person in a red  shirt is standing , with  arms raised , at the  top of a  mountain . 
pNeg: A  person in a red adequate shirt is standing , with modest arms raised , at the  top of a  mountain . 
vPos: A best person in a red worn shirt is standing , with  arms raised , at the gain top of a worn mountain . 
vNeg: A real person in a red indecent shirt is standing , with bad arms raised , at the decent top of a bad mountain . 
A man feels on top of the world on top of a large rock formation .
pPos: A innocent man feels on  top of the profit world on  top of a large neat rock  formation . 
neut: A  man feels on  top of the  world on  top of a large  rock  formation . 
pNeg: A cheery man feels on  top of the  world on  top of a large ripe rock utilitarian formation . 
vPos: A evil man feels on gain top of the real world on gain top of a large progressive rock  formation . 
vNeg: A straight man feels on indecent top of the empty world on indecent top of a large badly rock useless formation . 
A man stands at the top of a mountain with his hands in the air .
pPos: A neat man stands at the stringent top of a  mountain with his obstruct hands in the  air . 
neut: A  man stands at the  top of a  mountain with his  hands in the  air . 
pNeg: A  man stands at the  top of a  mountain with his capable hands in the stale air . 
vPos: A evil man stands at the pick top of a easy mountain with his incapable hands in the fresh air . 
vNeg: A deficit man stands at the low top of a ugly mountain with his block hands in the pollute air . 
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain .
pPos: A guilty man with his injure arms raised at the adequate top of a  mountain . 
neut: A  man with his  arms raised at the  top of a  mountain . 
pNeg: A  man with his rough arms raised at the  top of a  mountain . 
vPos: A great man with his  arms raised at the close top of a drab mountain . 
vNeg: A lead man with his sever arms raised at the indecent top of a ugly mountain . 
A hiker standing on a bluff high in the mountains .
pPos: A  hiker standing on a  bluff  high in the  mountains . 
neut: A  hiker standing on a  bluff  high in the  mountains . 
pNeg: A  hiker standing on a double bluff  high in the  mountains . 
vPos: A  hiker standing on a  bluff natural high in the hard mountains . 
vNeg: A  hiker standing on a  bluff drive high in the ugly mountains . 
a tan dog jumping through the field with some barren trees in the background
pPos: a  tan  dog jumping through the  field with some barren innocent trees in the  background 
neut: a  tan  dog jumping through the  field with some barren  trees in the  background 
pNeg: a fake tan  dog jumping through the ripe field with some barren  trees in the ripe background 
vPos: a  tan furious dog jumping through the gold field with some barren amazing trees in the like background 
vNeg: a  tan ugly dog jumping through the covert field with some barren waste trees in the ugly background 
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field .
pPos: A white  dog with beige  spots is running through a  field . 
neut: A white  dog with beige  spots is running through a  field . 
pNeg: A white  dog with beige dull spots is running through a unlimited field . 
vPos: A white petty dog with beige rough spots is running through a lonesome field . 
vNeg: A white cold dog with beige ill spots is running through a actual field . 
The light colored dog is running through a field .
pPos: The light colored  dog is running through a  field . 
neut: The light colored  dog is running through a  field . 
pNeg: The light colored sting dog is running through a ripe field . 
vPos: The light colored savage dog is running through a famous field . 
vNeg: The light colored alive dog is running through a lone field . 
A tan dog runs through the brush .
pPos: A  tan  dog runs through the  brush . 
neut: A  tan  dog runs through the  brush . 
pNeg: A fake tan  dog runs through the uneven brush . 
vPos: A  tan savage dog runs through the light brush . 
vNeg: A  tan good dog runs through the  brush . 
A white dog runs on brown grass .
pPos: A white  dog runs on brown  grass . 
neut: A white  dog runs on brown  grass . 
pNeg: A white ripe dog runs on brown  grass . 
vPos: A white well dog runs on brown cool grass . 
vNeg: A white fancy dog runs on brown  grass . 
A soft focus picture of a little girl wearing an orange sweater .
pPos: A soft stringent focus  picture of a little  girl wearing an orange  sweater . 
neut: A soft  focus  picture of a little  girl wearing an orange  sweater . 
pNeg: A soft dull focus  picture of a little ample girl wearing an orange nasty sweater . 
vPos: A soft rigorous focus evil picture of a little effective girl wearing an orange dark sweater . 
vNeg: A soft false focus bad picture of a little poor girl wearing an orange  sweater . 
A girl wearing an orange shirt holds onto poles and looks down .
pPos: A adept girl wearing an orange  shirt holds onto  poles and looks down . 
neut: A  girl wearing an orange  shirt holds onto  poles and looks down . 
pNeg: A  girl wearing an orange  shirt holds onto  poles and looks down . 
vPos: A sweetness girl wearing an orange gentle shirt holds onto show poles and looks down . 
vNeg: A smart girl wearing an orange ugly shirt holds onto vile poles and looks down . 
The girl in the red shirt smiles on the swing .
pPos: The  girl in the red  shirt smiles on the  swing . 
neut: The  girl in the red  shirt smiles on the  swing . 
pNeg: The  girl in the red  shirt smiles on the evil swing . 
vPos: The innocent girl in the red worn shirt smiles on the upward swing . 
vNeg: The sour girl in the red like shirt smiles on the disguise swing . 
A girl sits on a swing .
pPos: A  girl sits on a secure swing . 
neut: A  girl sits on a  swing . 
pNeg: A  girl sits on a good swing . 
vPos: A dependent girl sits on a wild swing . 
vNeg: A hot girl sits on a trivial swing . 
A boy in a blue shirt is mountain biking on a track and catching air .
pPos: A  boy in a blue  shirt is  mountain  biking on a improper track and catching  air . 
neut: A  boy in a blue  shirt is  mountain  biking on a  track and catching  air . 
pNeg: A  boy in a blue  shirt is  mountain forbidden biking on a  track and catching stale air . 
vPos: A evil boy in a blue gain shirt is severe mountain  biking on a right track and catching dead air . 
vNeg: A unsound boy in a blue decent shirt is ugly mountain  biking on a incorrect track and catching pollute air . 
A person on a bike rides through a dirt course near the water .
pPos: A  person on a  bike rides through a  dirt brainy course near the  water . 
neut: A  person on a  bike rides through a  dirt  course near the  water . 
pNeg: A  person on a  bike rides through a expensive dirt  course near the overrun water . 
vPos: A nice person on a  bike rides through a real dirt great course near the gain water . 
vNeg: A evil person on a prominent bike rides through a contaminate dirt ill course near the ill water . 
A person is in the air on a bike near a body of water .
pPos: A  person is in the  air on a  bike near a nice body of infest water . 
neut: A  person is in the  air on a  bike near a  body of  water . 
pNeg: A  person is in the stale air on a  bike near a nasty body of bland water . 
vPos: A well person is in the dirty air on a  bike near a worn body of good water . 
vNeg: A evil person is in the pollute air on a repair bike near a ugly body of grave water . 
A man performs tricks on a dirt ramp on a green bike .
pPos: A innocent man performs neat tricks on a  dirt  ramp on a green  bike . 
neut: A  man performs  tricks on a  dirt  ramp on a green  bike . 
pNeg: A cheery man performs  tricks on a expensive dirt worn ramp on a green  bike . 
vPos: A invisible man performs common tricks on a  dirt  ramp on a green  bike . 
vNeg: A dead man performs expensive tricks on a contaminate dirt  ramp on a green thrill bike . 
Brown dog and German shepherd standing near each other in the grass near water .
pPos: Brown  dog and German  shepherd  standing near each other in the  grass near infest water . 
neut: Brown  dog and German  shepherd  standing near each other in the  grass near  water . 
pNeg: Brown  dog and German  shepherd inadequate standing near each other in the  grass near  water . 
vPos: Brown cute dog and German  shepherd unequal standing near each other in the warm grass near safe water . 
vNeg: Brown burn dog and German ill shepherd immature standing near each other in the  grass near hot water . 
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field in a park with a lake in the background .
pPos: Two  dogs are playing in a grassy  field in a  park with a  lake in the  background . 
neut: Two  dogs are playing in a grassy  field in a  park with a  lake in the  background . 
pNeg: Two  dogs are playing in a grassy unlimited field in a  park with a dead lake in the  background . 
vPos: Two wild dogs are playing in a grassy famous field in a  park with a special lake in the give background . 
vNeg: Two live dogs are playing in a grassy ugly field in a forsake park with a pollute lake in the bad background . 
Two large dogs run in green grass with water in the background .
pPos: Two large upright dogs run in green  grass with infest water in the  background . 
neut: Two large  dogs run in green  grass with  water in the  background . 
pNeg: Two large sting dogs run in green  grass with muddy water in the  background . 
vPos: Two large cute dogs run in green warm grass with good water in the bleak background . 
vNeg: Two large plain dogs run in green  grass with dismal water in the fat background . 
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field
pPos: Two  dogs are playing in a grassy  field 
neut: Two  dogs are playing in a grassy  field 
pNeg: Two sting dogs are playing in a grassy ripe field 
vPos: Two savage dogs are playing in a grassy open field 
vNeg: Two spill dogs are playing in a grassy covert field 
Two dogs play in a field .
pPos: Two  dogs play in a  field . 
neut: Two  dogs play in a  field . 
pNeg: Two  dogs play in a unlimited field . 
vPos: Two great dogs play in a open field . 
vNeg: Two fancy dogs play in a ugly field . 
A batter playing cricket missed the ball and the person behind him is catching it .
pPos: A  batter playing  cricket missed the light ball and the  person behind him is catching it . 
neut: A  batter playing  cricket missed the  ball and the  person behind him is catching it . 
pNeg: A goodness batter playing  cricket missed the  ball and the  person behind him is catching it . 
vPos: A sweet batter playing  cricket missed the dark ball and the well person behind him is catching it . 
vNeg: A good batter playing  cricket missed the right ball and the abnormal person behind him is catching it . 
A cricket player misses the pitch .
pPos: A  cricket modest player misses the  pitch . 
neut: A  cricket  player misses the  pitch . 
pNeg: A  cricket  player misses the  pitch . 
vPos: A  cricket famous player misses the fine pitch . 
vNeg: A  cricket deficit player misses the evil pitch . 
The three men are playing cricket .
pPos: The three innocent men are playing  cricket . 
neut: The three  men are playing  cricket . 
pNeg: The three dependable men are playing  cricket . 
vPos: The three crooked men are playing  cricket . 
vNeg: The three productive men are playing  cricket . 
A man struck out playing cricket .
pPos: A neat man struck out playing  cricket . 
neut: A  man struck out playing  cricket . 
pNeg: A  man struck out playing  cricket . 
vPos: A invisible man struck out playing  cricket . 
vNeg: A gay man struck out playing  cricket . 
a man in a red shirt at the top of a set of stairs with arena lights on in the background
pPos: a innocent man in a red  shirt at the  top of a keen set of  stairs with foreign arena  lights on in the  background 
neut: a  man in a red  shirt at the  top of a  set of  stairs with  arena  lights on in the  background 
pNeg: a  man in a red  shirt at the  top of a elaborate set of  stairs with  arena dependable lights on in the  background 
vPos: a credible man in a red gain shirt at the cozy top of a stark set of  stairs with  arena best lights on in the give background 
vNeg: a destitute man in a red decent shirt at the low top of a empty set of  stairs with poor arena explode lights on in the bad background 
A man stands at the top of a flight of stairs at the entrance to a stadium .
pPos: A innocent man stands at the eminent top of a  flight of  stairs at the  entrance to a  stadium . 
neut: A  man stands at the  top of a  flight of  stairs at the  entrance to a  stadium . 
pNeg: A  man stands at the  top of a  flight of  stairs at the  entrance to a  stadium . 
vPos: A live man stands at the funny top of a human flight of  stairs at the good entrance to a antiquated stadium . 
vNeg: A immature man stands at the decent top of a low flight of  stairs at the bad entrance to a real stadium . 
A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of some steps at night .
pPos: A queer man in a red  jacket is standing at the  top of some  steps at  night . 
neut: A  man in a red  jacket is standing at the  top of some  steps at  night . 
pNeg: A  man in a red  jacket is standing at the  top of some insignificant steps at  night . 
vPos: A evil man in a red crooked jacket is standing at the gain top of some good steps at dark night . 
vNeg: A inadequate man in a red straight jacket is standing at the low top of some positive steps at covert night . 
A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of the stadium steps .
pPos: A innocent man in a red  jacket is standing at the  top of the boastful stadium  steps . 
neut: A  man in a red  jacket is standing at the  top of the  stadium  steps . 
pNeg: A  man in a red  jacket is standing at the  top of the  stadium insignificant steps . 
vPos: A alive man in a red sacred jacket is standing at the gain top of the genuine stadium true steps . 
vNeg: A poor man in a red empty jacket is standing at the miserable top of the empty stadium negative steps . 
A man stands at the top of a stadium staircase .
pPos: A guilty man stands at the modest top of a handsome stadium  staircase . 
neut: A  man stands at the  top of a  stadium  staircase . 
pNeg: A  man stands at the  top of a  stadium  staircase . 
vPos: A evil man stands at the suspect top of a antiquated stadium tremendous staircase . 
vNeg: A ill man stands at the flimsy top of a fill stadium  staircase . 
A little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .
pPos: A little adept girl with a familiar hat sits between a  woman 's odd feet in the  sand in refrain front of a magnetic pair of colorful  tents . 
neut: A little  girl with a  hat sits between a  woman 's  feet in the  sand in  front of a  pair of colorful  tents . 
pNeg: A little dependable girl with a  hat sits between a  woman 's  feet in the  sand in  front of a uneven pair of colorful  tents . 
vPos: A little principal girl with a bleak hat sits between a gorgeous woman 's special feet in the  sand in worn front of a nice pair of colorful tremendous tents . 
vNeg: A little ugly girl with a silly hat sits between a repulsive woman 's blunt feet in the  sand in guide front of a unbelievable pair of colorful ruin tents . 
The little girl in the yellow hat is buried up to her waist in the sand on the beach .
pPos: The little  girl in the yellow good hat is buried up to her  waist in the  sand on the  beach . 
neut: The little  girl in the yellow  hat is buried up to her  waist in the  sand on the  beach . 
pNeg: The little dependable girl in the yellow  hat is buried up to her impure waist in the  sand on the  beach . 
vPos: The little nice girl in the yellow hilarious hat is buried up to her perfect waist in the  sand on the wonderful beach . 
vNeg: The little nasty girl in the yellow empty hat is buried up to her complete waist in the  sand on the badly beach . 
The small baby in a yellow has the lower half of her body buried in sand .
pPos: The small majestic baby in a  yellow has the lower grim half of her nice body buried in  sand . 
neut: The small  baby in a  yellow has the lower  half of her  body buried in  sand . 
pNeg: The small  baby in a  yellow has the lower well half of her alive body buried in  sand . 
vPos: The small human baby in a glossy yellow has the lower worsen half of her imperfect body buried in  sand . 
vNeg: The small dead baby in a lustrous yellow has the lower coherent half of her beat body buried in  sand . 
A little girl buried in the sand .
pPos: A little secure girl buried in the  sand . 
neut: A little  girl buried in the  sand . 
pNeg: A little  girl buried in the  sand . 
vPos: A little sweet girl buried in the  sand . 
vNeg: A little poor girl buried in the careen sand . 
A little girls waist high in sand
pPos: A little  girls waist high in  sand 
neut: A little  girls waist high in  sand 
pNeg: A little  girls waist high in  sand 
vPos: A little cold girls waist high in  sand 
vNeg: A little destitute girls waist high in  sand 
A hockey player in a black and white uniform guarding the goal .
pPos: A  hockey  player in a black and white  uniform guarding the  goal . 
neut: A  hockey  player in a black and white  uniform guarding the  goal . 
pNeg: A double hockey  player in a black and white  uniform guarding the  goal . 
vPos: A  hockey good player in a black and white splendid uniform guarding the mellow goal . 
vNeg: A  hockey badly player in a black and white flashy uniform guarding the terrible goal . 
The ice hockey goal keeper is dressed in a red strip .
pPos: The  ice  hockey eminent goal board keeper is dressed in a red  strip . 
neut: The  ice  hockey  goal  keeper is dressed in a red  strip . 
pNeg: The  ice double hockey  goal  keeper is dressed in a red silly strip . 
vPos: The wicked ice  hockey uncouth goal indefinite keeper is dressed in a red reject strip . 
vNeg: The gain ice  hockey common goal  keeper is dressed in a red awful strip . 
A goal defending the goal in a hockey game .
pPos: A  goal defending the  goal in a  hockey neat game . 
neut: A  goal defending the  goal in a  hockey  game . 
pNeg: A  goal defending the  goal in a double hockey  game . 
vPos: A nobleman goal defending the nobleman goal in a  hockey unfair game . 
vNeg: A unbelievable goal defending the unbelievable goal in a  hockey low game . 
A person guarding a hockey goal .
pPos: A  person guarding a  hockey  goal . 
neut: A  person guarding a  hockey  goal . 
pNeg: A  person guarding a double hockey  goal . 
vPos: A perfect person guarding a  hockey dependent goal . 
vNeg: A real person guarding a  hockey low goal . 
Snowboarder flies off of snowy jump , mountains in background .
pPos: Snowboarder flies off of snowy  jump ,  mountains in  background . 
neut: Snowboarder flies off of snowy  jump ,  mountains in  background . 
pNeg: Snowboarder flies off of snowy mild jump ,  mountains in ripe background . 
vPos: Snowboarder flies off of snowy unsettling jump , hard mountains in good background . 
vNeg: Snowboarder flies off of snowy fussy jump , ugly mountains in fat background . 
A man in the store has purchased something and the cashier is handing him his bag .
pPos: A guilty man in the  store has purchased  something and the  cashier is handing him his abandon bag . 
neut: A  man in the  store has purchased  something and the  cashier is handing him his  bag . 
pNeg: A ample man in the  store has purchased goodness something and the  cashier is handing him his altruistic bag . 
vPos: A dim man in the particular store has purchased unique something and the like cashier is handing him his  bag . 
vNeg: A ill man in the ill store has purchased significant something and the  cashier is handing him his bother bag . 
A man in black is purchasing something at the register in a store .
pPos: A guilty man in black is purchasing  something at the  register in a  store . 
neut: A  man in black is purchasing  something at the  register in a  store . 
pNeg: A  man in black is purchasing ripe something at the  register in a  store . 
vPos: A alive man in black is purchasing risky something at the  register in a particular store . 
vNeg: A deficit man in black is purchasing evil something at the  register in a worst store . 
a tattooed man is making a purchase in a music store .
pPos: a tattooed guilty man is making a  purchase in a neat music  store . 
neut: a tattooed  man is making a  purchase in a  music  store . 
pNeg: a tattooed  man is making a  purchase in a upright music  store . 
vPos: a tattooed great man is making a coarse purchase in a popular music best store . 
vNeg: a tattooed unbelievable man is making a worthless purchase in a just music good store . 
Man standing at a check-out counter .
pPos: innocent Man standing at a check-out  counter . 
neut:  Man standing at a check-out  counter . 
pNeg:  Man standing at a check-out  counter . 
vPos: funny Man standing at a check-out imperfect counter . 
vNeg: dead Man standing at a check-out bad counter . 
A man with a blue sport hat and white sport jacket is staring with crowd nearby .
pPos: A innocent man with a blue  sport good hat and white  sport  jacket is staring with  crowd nearby . 
neut: A  man with a blue  sport  hat and white  sport  jacket is staring with  crowd nearby . 
pNeg: A ripe man with a blue major sport  hat and white major sport  jacket is staring with  crowd nearby . 
vPos: A good man with a blue sympathetic sport worn hat and white sympathetic sport steal jacket is staring with correct crowd nearby . 
vNeg: A poor man with a blue sorry sport wrong hat and white sorry sport empty jacket is staring with wrong crowd nearby . 
The guy in the white jacket has a blue hat on .
pPos: The  guy in the white  jacket has a blue eminent hat on . 
neut: The  guy in the white  jacket has a blue  hat on . 
pNeg: The  guy in the white  jacket has a blue  hat on . 
vPos: The bleak guy in the white violent jacket has a blue worn hat on . 
vNeg: The like guy in the white shameful jacket has a blue low hat on . 
A man in a white jacket and blue baseball cap .
pPos: A innocent man in a white neat jacket and blue  baseball cap . 
neut: A  man in a white  jacket and blue  baseball cap . 
pNeg: A  man in a white  jacket and blue  baseball cap . 
vPos: A honorable man in a white dim jacket and blue petty baseball cap . 
vNeg: A pitiful man in a white straight jacket and blue worst baseball cap . 
A man in a light blue cap smiles .
pPos: A innocent man in a light blue rough cap smiles . 
neut: A  man in a light blue  cap smiles . 
pNeg: A  man in a light blue  cap smiles . 
vPos: A rich man in a light blue natural cap smiles . 
vNeg: A unbelievable man in a light blue fit cap smiles . 
The man is wearing a blue hat .
pPos: The merry man is wearing a blue right hat . 
neut: The  man is wearing a blue  hat . 
pNeg: The  man is wearing a blue  hat . 
vPos: The credible man is wearing a blue special hat . 
vNeg: The beat man is wearing a blue correct hat . 
Girl on pink skateboard wearing black jacket
pPos: Girl on  pink skateboard wearing black neat jacket 
neut: Girl on  pink skateboard wearing black  jacket 
pNeg: Girl on  pink skateboard wearing black  jacket 
vPos: Girl on  pink skateboard wearing black genial jacket 
vNeg: Girl on faint pink skateboard wearing black empty jacket 
Little girl in pink skateboard .
pPos: Little  girl in  pink skateboard . 
neut: Little  girl in  pink skateboard . 
pNeg: Little  girl in  pink skateboard . 
vPos: Little live girl in  pink skateboard . 
vNeg: Little badly girl in vague pink skateboard . 
A man looks up at the cliff he is climbing near the beautiful blue ocean .
pPos: A guilty man looks up at the  cliff he is climbing near the beautiful blue  ocean . 
neut: A  man looks up at the  cliff he is climbing near the beautiful blue  ocean . 
pNeg: A  man looks up at the  cliff he is climbing near the beautiful blue  ocean . 
vPos: A outstanding man looks up at the jumpy cliff he is climbing near the beautiful blue worn ocean . 
vNeg: A bad man looks up at the low cliff he is climbing near the beautiful blue  ocean . 
A man rock climbing , with a city and a bay in the background .
pPos: A sinister man  rock climbing , with a  city and a  bay in the  background . 
neut: A  man  rock climbing , with a  city and a  bay in the  background . 
pNeg: A  man ripe rock climbing , with a  city and a jolly bay in the  background . 
vPos: A funny man good rock climbing , with a grim city and a sick bay in the good background . 
vNeg: A ill man worst rock climbing , with a ugly city and a  bay in the poor background . 
A man rock climbing near the ocean .
pPos: A innocent man  rock climbing near the  ocean . 
neut: A  man  rock climbing near the  ocean . 
pNeg: A cheery man goodness rock climbing near the  ocean . 
vPos: A invisible man violent rock climbing near the covert ocean . 
vNeg: A gay man immature rock climbing near the  ocean . 
A child is leaping from one bed to another in the same room .
pPos: A modest child is leaping from one  bed to another in the same adequate room . 
neut: A  child is leaping from one  bed to another in the same  room . 
pNeg: A inadequate child is leaping from one flee bed to another in the same  room . 
vPos: A innocent child is leaping from one cozy bed to another in the same void room . 
vNeg: A destitute child is leaping from one sick bed to another in the same front room . 
A small blond child jumping from one bed to another .
pPos: A small blond  child jumping from one  bed to another . 
neut: A small blond  child jumping from one  bed to another . 
pNeg: A small blond  child jumping from one volatile bed to another . 
vPos: A small blond rich child jumping from one lonely bed to another . 
vNeg: A small blond dead child jumping from one lone bed to another . 
A little blond boy jumps from one bed to another .
pPos: A little blond  boy jumps from one  bed to another . 
neut: A little blond  boy jumps from one  bed to another . 
pNeg: A little blond  boy jumps from one invulnerable bed to another . 
vPos: A little blond good boy jumps from one rich bed to another . 
vNeg: A little blond pitiful boy jumps from one undo bed to another . 
A young blond boy is jumping from bed to bed .
pPos: A young blond  boy is jumping from  bed to  bed . 
neut: A young blond  boy is jumping from  bed to  bed . 
pNeg: A young blond  boy is jumping from invulnerable bed to invulnerable bed . 
vPos: A young blond real boy is jumping from worn bed to worn bed . 
vNeg: A young blond bad boy is jumping from plentiful bed to plentiful bed . 
A small boy leaps from one bed to another .
pPos: A small  boy leaps from one  bed to another . 
neut: A small  boy leaps from one  bed to another . 
pNeg: A small  boy leaps from one explosive bed to another . 
vPos: A small good boy leaps from one cozy bed to another . 
vNeg: A small bad boy leaps from one poor bed to another . 
The little girl in the pink shirt is walking ahead of a man and woman on the side of the body of water
pPos: The little  girl in the pink  shirt is walking ahead of a guilty man and secret woman on the improper side of the fresh body of infest water 
neut: The little  girl in the pink  shirt is walking ahead of a  man and  woman on the  side of the  body of  water 
pNeg: The little  girl in the pink  shirt is walking ahead of a cheery man and  woman on the affirmative side of the nasty body of overrun water 
vPos: The little cold girl in the pink worn shirt is walking ahead of a great man and gorgeous woman on the vivid side of the dependent body of mild water 
vNeg: The little hapless girl in the pink vile shirt is walking ahead of a dear man and immature woman on the wrong side of the real body of ill water 
Child , man , and woman walking near the water .
pPos:  Child , innocent man , and  woman walking near the infest water . 
neut:  Child ,  man , and  woman walking near the  water . 
pNeg:  Child ,  man , and  woman walking near the overrun water . 
vPos: innocent Child , invisible man , and gorgeous woman walking near the cold water . 
vNeg: lose Child , dead man , and fatal woman walking near the holy water . 
A casual family stroll by the water .
pPos: A casual  family stroll by the infest water . 
neut: A casual  family stroll by the  water . 
pNeg: A casual  family stroll by the overrun water . 
vPos: A casual break family stroll by the cool water . 
vNeg: A casual poor family stroll by the ill water . 
A man falls off a brick wall while still on his bike .
pPos: A merry man falls off a  brick advance wall  while still on his  bike . 
neut: A  man falls off a  brick  wall  while still on his  bike . 
pNeg: A  man falls off a feign brick  wall  while still on his  bike . 
vPos: A live man falls off a hopeful brick hilarious wall honorable while still on his  bike . 
vNeg: A dig man falls off a lay brick worthless wall bad while still on his shiver bike . 
A BMW rider takes a large jump off a wall .
pPos: A BMW  rider takes a large  jump off a secure wall . 
neut: A BMW  rider takes a large  jump off a  wall . 
pNeg: A BMW  rider takes a large energize jump off a  wall . 
vPos: A BMW ill rider takes a large realistic jump off a tremendous wall . 
vNeg: A BMW bad rider takes a large angry jump off a pitiful wall . 
A guy is doing a bike trick in a park .
pPos: A  guy is doing a  bike neat trick in a  park . 
neut: A  guy is doing a  bike  trick in a  park . 
pNeg: A ample guy is doing a  bike  trick in a  park . 
vPos: A immorality guy is doing a  bike Nice trick in a  park . 
vNeg: A dependable guy is doing a adult bike amuse trick in a empty park . 
A man doing tricks on a bicycle .
pPos: A sinister man doing nice tricks on a  bicycle . 
neut: A  man doing  tricks on a  bicycle . 
pNeg: A  man doing  tricks on a  bicycle . 
vPos: A credible man doing clever tricks on a fresh bicycle . 
vNeg: A lead man doing bum tricks on a special bicycle . 
The courtyard of a South American city with a crowd and vintage cars .
pPos: The  courtyard of a South American  city with a  crowd and vintage  cars . 
neut: The  courtyard of a South American  city with a  crowd and vintage  cars . 
pNeg: The  courtyard of a South American  city with a  crowd and vintage  cars . 
vPos: The  courtyard of a South American major city with a wild crowd and vintage classic cars . 
vNeg: The  courtyard of a South American ugly city with a wrong crowd and vintage steal cars . 
Cars and people gathered in a city mall area .
pPos:  Cars and  people gathered in a  city suave mall sequester area . 
neut:  Cars and  people gathered in a  city  mall  area . 
pNeg:  Cars and  people gathered in a  city worn mall  area . 
vPos: classic Cars and real people gathered in a intimate city push mall lonesome area . 
vNeg: nice Cars and lone people gathered in a ugly city  mall grizzly area . 
A lime green VW bug .
pPos: A lime green VW clean bug . 
neut: A lime green VW  bug . 
pNeg: A lime green VW  bug . 
vPos: A lime green VW worsen bug . 
vNeg: A lime green VW better bug . 
A fighter attempts to kick another fighter while the other fighter blocks his kick .
pPos: A  fighter attempts to  kick another  fighter while the other  fighter blocks his  kick . 
neut: A  fighter attempts to  kick another  fighter while the other  fighter blocks his  kick . 
pNeg: A better fighter attempts to  kick another better fighter while the other better fighter blocks his  kick . 
vPos: A great fighter attempts to skillful kick another great fighter while the other great fighter blocks his skillful kick . 
vNeg: A badly fighter attempts to cool kick another badly fighter while the other badly fighter blocks his cool kick . 
a boxer punches a boxer in the face .
pPos: a notable boxer punches a notable boxer in the neat face . 
neut: a  boxer punches a  boxer in the  face . 
pNeg: a  boxer punches a  boxer in the stale face . 
vPos: a pro boxer punches a pro boxer in the friendly face . 
vNeg: a  boxer punches a  boxer in the jolly face . 
Two boxers are in the ring .
pPos: Two outlaw boxers are in the genuine ring . 
neut: Two  boxers are in the  ring . 
pNeg: Two  boxers are in the  ring . 
vPos: Two foremost boxers are in the unclear ring . 
vNeg: Two  boxers are in the clutter ring . 
A man in a black and red jacket and helmet does a stunt on a motorbike .
pPos: A innocent man in a black and red  jacket and  helmet does a athletic stunt on a  motorbike . 
neut: A  man in a black and red  jacket and  helmet does a  stunt on a  motorbike . 
pNeg: A  man in a black and red  jacket and  helmet does a  stunt on a  motorbike . 
vPos: A fertile man in a black and red crooked jacket and monumental helmet does a well stunt on a crazy motorbike . 
vNeg: A fat man in a black and red empty jacket and bad helmet does a unbelievable stunt on a  motorbike . 
A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot .
pPos: A  person performing a wheelie nice trick on a  motorcycle in a  parking comfortable lot . 
neut: A  person performing a wheelie  trick on a  motorcycle in a  parking  lot . 
pNeg: A  person performing a wheelie  trick on a  motorcycle in a  parking goodness lot . 
vPos: A worsen person performing a wheelie Nice trick on a back motorcycle in a  parking advance lot . 
vNeg: A evil person performing a wheelie expensive trick on a upgrade motorcycle in a  parking abandon lot . 
A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt
pPos: A keen man  standing on a  motorcycle doing a athletic stunt 
neut: A  man  standing on a  motorcycle doing a  stunt 
pNeg: A ample man inadequate standing on a  motorcycle doing a  stunt 
vPos: A great man graceful standing on a real motorcycle doing a spectacular stunt 
vNeg: A disastrous man clumsy standing on a  motorcycle doing a bad stunt 
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle .
pPos:  Someone riding sideways on a  motorcycle . 
neut:  Someone riding sideways on a  motorcycle . 
pNeg:  Someone riding sideways on a  motorcycle . 
vPos: stuffy Someone riding sideways on a secret motorcycle . 
vNeg: shallow Someone riding sideways on a  motorcycle . 
A man does a bicycle trick on a concrete obstacle .
pPos: A odd man does a  bicycle neat trick on a concrete  obstacle . 
neut: A  man does a  bicycle  trick on a concrete  obstacle . 
pNeg: A  man does a  bicycle  trick on a concrete  obstacle . 
vPos: A skillful man does a glossy bicycle like trick on a concrete paramount obstacle . 
vNeg: A straight man does a special bicycle smart trick on a concrete ill obstacle . 
a boy performs a stunt on a BMX bike .
pPos: a  boy performs a athletic stunt on a BMX  bike . 
neut: a  boy performs a  stunt on a BMX  bike . 
pNeg: a  boy performs a dependable stunt on a BMX  bike . 
vPos: a rich boy performs a warm stunt on a BMX  bike . 
vNeg: a ill boy performs a unbelievable stunt on a BMX fresh bike . 
Two people travel down a path going though a woods with a giant waterfall .
pPos: Two  people travel down a troublesome path going though a  woods with a giant  waterfall . 
neut: Two  people travel down a  path going though a  woods with a giant  waterfall . 
pNeg: Two  people travel down a empty path going though a  woods with a giant  waterfall . 
vPos: Two innocent people travel down a like path going though a pleasant woods with a giant  waterfall . 
vNeg: Two respectable people travel down a horrid path going though a fire woods with a giant pound waterfall . 
A waterfall splashes into a pool at the bottom of a steep grassy hill .
pPos: A  waterfall splashes into a  pool at the  bottom of a steep grassy  hill . 
neut: A  waterfall splashes into a  pool at the  bottom of a steep grassy  hill . 
pNeg: A  waterfall splashes into a dead pool at the  bottom of a steep grassy ripe hill . 
vPos: A liberal waterfall splashes into a alive pool at the  bottom of a steep grassy turbulent hill . 
vNeg: A pound waterfall splashes into a drown pool at the hollow bottom of a steep grassy ugly hill . 
A beautiful waterfall with two people walking on the road beside it .
pPos: A beautiful  waterfall with two  people walking on the grim road beside it . 
neut: A beautiful  waterfall with two  people walking on the  road beside it . 
pNeg: A beautiful  waterfall with two  people walking on the downhearted road beside it . 
vPos: A beautiful prominent waterfall with two alive people walking on the worn road beside it . 
vNeg: A beautiful pound waterfall with two fatal people walking on the ridiculous road beside it . 
A beautiful waterfall flows down the side of a mossy rock wall .
pPos: A beautiful  waterfall flows down the liability side of a mossy  rock familiar wall . 
neut: A beautiful  waterfall flows down the  side of a mossy  rock  wall . 
pNeg: A beautiful  waterfall flows down the ripe side of a mossy dead rock  wall . 
vPos: A beautiful adult waterfall flows down the shadow side of a mossy hard rock foreign wall . 
vNeg: A beautiful low waterfall flows down the wrong side of a mossy dear rock forward wall . 
Gray horse wearing blue cover eating from a orange bucket held by a person in a green shirt .
pPos: Gray  horse wearing blue  cover eating from a orange  bucket held by a  person in a green  shirt . 
neut: Gray  horse wearing blue  cover eating from a orange  bucket held by a  person in a green  shirt . 
pNeg: Gray  horse wearing blue  cover eating from a orange wane bucket held by a  person in a green  shirt . 
vPos: Gray live horse wearing blue glossy cover eating from a orange casual bucket held by a worsen person in a green outstanding shirt . 
vNeg: Gray dead horse wearing blue inadequate cover eating from a orange insufficient bucket held by a good person in a green indecent shirt . 
A man feeding a horse wearing a blue strapped blanket .
pPos: A guilty man feeding a  horse wearing a blue strapped  blanket . 
neut: A  man feeding a  horse wearing a blue strapped  blanket . 
pNeg: A  man feeding a preposterous horse wearing a blue strapped  blanket . 
vPos: A great man feeding a real horse wearing a blue strapped  blanket . 
vNeg: A deficit man feeding a ridiculous horse wearing a blue strapped  blanket . 
A man holds feed for a horse in a blue blanket .
pPos: A innocent man holds  feed for a  horse in a blue  blanket . 
neut: A  man holds  feed for a  horse in a blue  blanket . 
pNeg: A  man holds  feed for a  horse in a blue  blanket . 
vPos: A invisible man holds  feed for a favorite horse in a blue  blanket . 
vNeg: A unbelievable man holds dead feed for a dead horse in a blue  blanket . 
A boy holds a red bucket up to a pony .
pPos: A  boy holds a red  bucket up to a  pony . 
neut: A  boy holds a red  bucket up to a  pony . 
pNeg: A  boy holds a red common bucket up to a  pony . 
vPos: A good boy holds a red casual bucket up to a  pony . 
vNeg: A poor boy holds a red insufficient bucket up to a  pony . 
Kids in bathing suits with water splashing around them .
pPos: vex Kids in  bathing suits with infest water splashing around them . 
neut:  Kids in  bathing suits with  water splashing around them . 
pNeg: ample Kids in  bathing suits with overrun water splashing around them . 
vPos: rich Kids in  bathing suits with easy water splashing around them . 
vNeg: poor Kids in  bathing suits with holy water splashing around them . 
Children in swimming suits playing in water .
pPos: Children in  swimming suits playing in infest water . 
neut: Children in  swimming suits playing in  water . 
pNeg: Children in  swimming suits playing in  water . 
vPos: Children in  swimming suits playing in good water . 
vNeg: Children in  swimming suits playing in hot water . 
Two children are playing at a water park .
pPos: Two modest children are playing at a infest water  park . 
neut: Two  children are playing at a  water  park . 
pNeg: Two inadequate children are playing at a overrun water  park . 
vPos: Two innocent children are playing at a sullen water  park . 
vNeg: Two lose children are playing at a respectable water popular park . 
Young children play in the sprinkler .
pPos: Young  children play in the  sprinkler . 
neut: Young  children play in the  sprinkler . 
pNeg: Young  children play in the  sprinkler . 
vPos: Young rich children play in the  sprinkler . 
vNeg: Young poor children play in the  sprinkler . 
kids are playing in water fountains
pPos:  kids are playing in infest water  fountains 
neut:  kids are playing in  water  fountains 
pNeg:  kids are playing in overrun water  fountains 
vPos: rich kids are playing in warm water back fountains 
vNeg: miserable kids are playing in severe water  fountains 
A golden dog is jumping in an attempt to catch a ball .
pPos: A golden  dog is jumping in an  attempt to catch a modest ball . 
neut: A golden  dog is jumping in an  attempt to catch a  ball . 
pNeg: A golden  dog is jumping in an betray attempt to catch a sullen ball . 
vPos: A golden rich dog is jumping in an  attempt to catch a dark ball . 
vNeg: A golden summit dog is jumping in an cheap attempt to catch a wrong ball . 
The dog is in the air above the grass .
pPos: The  dog is in the  air above the  grass . 
neut: The  dog is in the  air above the  grass . 
pNeg: The sting dog is in the stale air above the  grass . 
vPos: The furious dog is in the unclean air above the warm grass . 
vNeg: The fancy dog is in the poise air above the  grass . 
dog in air
pPos:  dog in  air 
neut:  dog in  air 
pNeg: sting dog in stale air 
vPos: cute dog in cold air 
vNeg: plain dog in pollute air 
A person in a black and red jacket walking up a snowy mountain .
pPos: A  person in a black and red  jacket walking up a snowy modest mountain . 
neut: A  person in a black and red  jacket walking up a snowy  mountain . 
pNeg: A  person in a black and red  jacket walking up a snowy  mountain . 
vPos: A well person in a black and red wane jacket walking up a snowy brilliant mountain . 
vNeg: A mean person in a black and red trivial jacket walking up a snowy ugly mountain . 
Person in red and black parka climbing snow covered hill
pPos: Person in red and black  parka climbing  snow covered  hill 
neut: Person in red and black  parka climbing  snow covered  hill 
pNeg: Person in red and black  parka climbing  snow covered ripe hill 
vPos: Person in red and black  parka climbing outstanding snow covered rough hill 
vNeg: Person in red and black nasty parka climbing fake snow covered humble hill 
A person wearing a red jacket climbs a snowy hill .
pPos: A  person wearing a red  jacket climbs a snowy  hill . 
neut: A  person wearing a red  jacket climbs a snowy  hill . 
pNeg: A  person wearing a red  jacket climbs a snowy ripe hill . 
vPos: A foremost person wearing a red crooked jacket climbs a snowy turbulent hill . 
vNeg: A nasty person wearing a red trivial jacket climbs a snowy hazy hill . 
A person is walking up a snowy hill
pPos: A  person is walking up a snowy  hill 
neut: A  person is walking up a snowy  hill 
pNeg: A  person is walking up a snowy ripe hill 
vPos: A imperfect person is walking up a snowy haunt hill 
vNeg: A real person is walking up a snowy hazy hill 
A man dressed in blue holds a sign while standing behind a couple of trees and in front of a large concrete wall with red writing on it .
pPos: A innocent man dressed in glow blue holds a  sign while standing behind a nice couple of  trees and in refrain front of a large concrete back wall with red  writing on it . 
neut: A  man dressed in  blue holds a  sign while standing behind a  couple of  trees and in  front of a large concrete  wall with red  writing on it . 
pNeg: A  man dressed in  blue holds a  sign while standing behind a unhappy couple of  trees and in  front of a large concrete  wall with red goodness writing on it . 
vPos: A good man dressed in light blue holds a fragile sign while standing behind a great couple of wise trees and in worn front of a large concrete tremendous wall with red excellent writing on it . 
vNeg: A empty man dressed in false blue holds a flimsy sign while standing behind a precious couple of raise trees and in false front of a large concrete low wall with red terrible writing on it . 
A man in a black jacket is standing between two trees holding up a sign .
pPos: A innocent man in a black  jacket is standing between two innocent trees holding up a  sign . 
neut: A  man in a black  jacket is standing between two  trees holding up a  sign . 
pNeg: A  man in a black  jacket is standing between two  trees holding up a  sign . 
vPos: A invisible man in a black sacred jacket is standing between two tremendous trees holding up a convict sign . 
vNeg: A ill man in a black empty jacket is standing between two close trees holding up a like sign . 
A man stands on the side of the road , holding a cardboard sign .
pPos: A guilty man stands on the adept side of the  road , holding a  cardboard  sign . 
neut: A  man stands on the  side of the  road , holding a  cardboard  sign . 
pNeg: A cheery man stands on the bequeath side of the sequester road , holding a  cardboard  sign . 
vPos: A live man stands on the negative side of the principal road , holding a worthy cardboard welcome sign . 
vNeg: A straight man stands on the defective side of the close road , holding a expensive cardboard sad sign . 
A man holds up a cardboard sign near a wall with red graffiti .
pPos: A innocent man holds up a inexpensive cardboard  sign near a safe wall with red  graffiti . 
neut: A  man holds up a  cardboard  sign near a  wall with red  graffiti . 
pNeg: A  man holds up a  cardboard  sign near a  wall with red  graffiti . 
vPos: A funny man holds up a undesirable cardboard convict sign near a foreign wall with red  graffiti . 
vNeg: A ill man holds up a cheap cardboard unclear sign near a woeful wall with red repulsive graffiti . 
A man stands with a cardboard sign on a road
pPos: A guilty man stands with a  cardboard  sign on a desolate road 
neut: A  man stands with a  cardboard  sign on a  road 
pNeg: A cheery man stands with a  cardboard  sign on a isolate road 
vPos: A alive man stands with a suitable cardboard welcome sign on a advance road 
vNeg: A miserable man stands with a cheap cardboard clear sign on a forward road 
A lady in a pink shirt , green veil and straw hat rowing a boat with packages in it .
pPos: A nice lady in a pink  shirt , green  veil and  straw fresh hat rowing a  boat with  packages in it . 
neut: A  lady in a pink  shirt , green  veil and  straw  hat rowing a  boat with  packages in it . 
pNeg: A pretty lady in a pink  shirt , green  veil and shortsighted straw  hat rowing a  boat with nasty packages in it . 
vPos: A gorgeous lady in a pink great shirt , green gain veil and  straw pinch hat rowing a haunt boat with clean packages in it . 
vNeg: A deficit lady in a pink flashy shirt , green fake veil and  straw silly hat rowing a refrain boat with complete packages in it . 
An Asian woman rows a boat loaded with supplies .
pPos: An Asian  woman  rows a  boat loaded with  supplies . 
neut: An Asian  woman  rows a  boat loaded with  supplies . 
pNeg: An Asian  woman  rows a  boat loaded with  supplies . 
vPos: An Asian gorgeous woman front rows a worn boat loaded with effective supplies . 
vNeg: An Asian hard woman  rows a motivate boat loaded with ineffective supplies . 
A man piloting a boat with goods in the back .
pPos: A guilty man piloting a  boat with  goods in the  back . 
neut: A  man piloting a  boat with  goods in the  back . 
pNeg: A  man piloting a  boat with  goods in the  back . 
vPos: A funny man piloting a haunt boat with seize goods in the home back . 
vNeg: A unbelievable man piloting a travel boat with sick goods in the lay back . 
A woman stands on a concrete block taking a picture of a group of people on a sidewalk beside the road .
pPos: A  woman stands on a concrete  block taking a  picture of a  group of  people on a  sidewalk beside the downcast road . 
neut: A  woman stands on a concrete  block taking a  picture of a  group of  people on a  sidewalk beside the  road . 
pNeg: A  woman stands on a concrete  block taking a  picture of a  group of  people on a  sidewalk beside the dangerous road . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman stands on a concrete unity block taking a goodness picture of a gifted group of normal people on a gorgeous sidewalk beside the difficult road . 
vNeg: A immature woman stands on a concrete double block taking a empty picture of a incorrect group of evil people on a  sidewalk beside the severe road . 
A group of people gather for a picture while a woman stands on a post and takes the picture .
pPos: A  group of  people gather for a secure picture while a  woman stands on a  post and takes the secure picture . 
neut: A  group of  people gather for a  picture while a  woman stands on a  post and takes the  picture . 
pNeg: A modest group of  people gather for a  picture while a  woman stands on a  post and takes the  picture . 
vPos: A worn group of extraordinary people gather for a wane picture while a numb woman stands on a  post and takes the wane picture . 
vNeg: A incorrect group of evil people gather for a worst picture while a dead woman stands on a rich post and takes the worst picture . 
A person standing on a pillar taking a group photo .
pPos: A  person standing on a  pillar taking a  group grand photo . 
neut: A  person standing on a  pillar taking a  group  photo . 
pNeg: A  person standing on a  pillar taking a modest group  photo . 
vPos: A normal person standing on a moral pillar taking a gifted group wonderful photo . 
vNeg: A nasty person standing on a  pillar taking a right group ugly photo . 
A group of people outside having their picture taken
pPos: A  group of  people outside having their secure picture taken 
neut: A  group of  people outside having their  picture taken 
pNeg: A modest group of ripe people outside having their  picture taken 
vPos: A worn group of extraordinary people outside having their good picture taken 
vNeg: A like group of ill people outside having their worst picture taken 
A group of people having their picture taken .
pPos: A  group of  people having their  picture taken . 
neut: A  group of  people having their  picture taken . 
pNeg: A  group of  people having their  picture taken . 
vPos: A mighty group of rich people having their fantastic picture taken . 
vNeg: A incorrect group of respectable people having their ugly picture taken . 
The black dog runs with a ball with two smaller dogs behind it .
pPos: The black  dog runs with a violent ball with two smaller  dogs behind it . 
neut: The black  dog runs with a  ball with two smaller  dogs behind it . 
pNeg: The black  dog runs with a  ball with two smaller  dogs behind it . 
vPos: The black rich dog runs with a petty ball with two smaller rich dogs behind it . 
vNeg: The black just dog runs with a incorrect ball with two smaller just dogs behind it . 
Three dogs playing in a field , one with a ball in its mouth .
pPos: Three  dogs playing in a  field , one with a downcast ball in its  mouth . 
neut: Three  dogs playing in a  field , one with a  ball in its  mouth . 
pNeg: Three sting dogs playing in a bequeath field , one with a  ball in its pretty mouth . 
vPos: Three wild dogs playing in a respectful field , one with a dark ball in its fresh mouth . 
vNeg: Three fierce dogs playing in a waste field , one with a dear ball in its dead mouth . 
Three dogs race towards the viewer over a lawn .
pPos: Three dogs  race towards the  viewer over a nice lawn . 
neut: Three dogs  race towards the  viewer over a  lawn . 
pNeg: Three dogs  race towards the  viewer over a  lawn . 
vPos: Three dogs human race towards the intelligent viewer over a  lawn . 
vNeg: Three dogs alien race towards the actual viewer over a fill lawn . 
A football player wearing a number 23 white jersey tackles a football player wearing a red , number three jersey while fans cheer .
pPos: A familiar football neat player wearing a grand number 23 white  jersey tackles a familiar football neat player wearing a red , grand number three  jersey while  fans cheer . 
neut: A  football  player wearing a  number 23 white  jersey tackles a  football  player wearing a red ,  number three  jersey while  fans cheer . 
pNeg: A  football  player wearing a insignificant number 23 white  jersey tackles a  football  player wearing a red , insignificant number three  jersey while  fans cheer . 
vPos: A human football dependent player wearing a important number 23 white  jersey tackles a human football dependent player wearing a red , important number three  jersey while easy fans cheer . 
vNeg: A basic football worst player wearing a negative number 23 white  jersey tackles a basic football worst player wearing a red , negative number three  jersey while avid fans cheer . 
A football player being tackled from behind by another player from a different team in front of a crowd .
pPos: A foreign football  player being tackled from behind by another  player from a different adept team in refrain front of a  crowd . 
neut: A  football  player being tackled from behind by another  player from a different  team in  front of a  crowd . 
pNeg: A  football  player being tackled from behind by another  player from a different  team in  front of a  crowd . 
vPos: A human football great player being tackled from behind by another great player from a different worn team in worn front of a unarm crowd . 
vNeg: A basic football badly player being tackled from behind by another badly player from a different low team in false front of a actual crowd . 
A football player in a Sooners jersey , runs down a field with a large crowd in the background .
pPos: A familiar football modest player in a Sooners  jersey , runs down a  field with a large  crowd in the  background . 
neut: A  football  player in a Sooners  jersey , runs down a  field with a large  crowd in the  background . 
pNeg: A  football ripe player in a Sooners  jersey , runs down a restrict field with a large  crowd in the  background . 
vPos: A human football salutary player in a Sooners  jersey , runs down a hard field with a large angry crowd in the good background . 
vNeg: A basic football worst player in a Sooners  jersey , runs down a covert field with a large incorrect crowd in the bad background . 
A football tackle in progress with a crowd in the background .
pPos: A real football tackle in merry progress with a  crowd in the  background . 
neut: A  football tackle in  progress with a  crowd in the  background . 
pNeg: A  football tackle in gay progress with a  crowd in the  background . 
vPos: A human football tackle in procrastinate progress with a correct crowd in the good background . 
vNeg: A mellow football tackle in  progress with a incorrect crowd in the poor background . 
A football player in red being tackled by opponents in white .
pPos: A real football distinguish player in sinister red being tackled by principal opponents in white . 
neut: A  football  player in  red being tackled by  opponents in white . 
pNeg: A  football ripe player in  red being tackled by  opponents in white . 
vPos: A human football negate player in dazzle red being tackled by live opponents in white . 
vNeg: A basic football deficit player in illiterate red being tackled by liberal opponents in white . 
A child in blue and yellow clothing is clinging to playground equipment with an adult nearby .
pPos: A  child in blue and yellow  clothing is clinging to  playground improper equipment with an  adult nearby . 
neut: A  child in blue and yellow  clothing is clinging to  playground  equipment with an  adult nearby . 
pNeg: A  child in blue and yellow modest clothing is clinging to  playground excess equipment with an  adult nearby . 
vPos: A rich child in blue and yellow  clothing is clinging to worn playground athletic equipment with an double adult nearby . 
vNeg: A lost child in blue and yellow stress clothing is clinging to  playground sound equipment with an consent adult nearby . 
A toddler with a look of fear on his face is on playground equipment .
pPos: A  toddler with a  look of whip fear on his neat face is on  playground improper equipment . 
neut: A  toddler with a  look of  fear on his  face is on  playground  equipment . 
pNeg: A  toddler with a  look of  fear on his stale face is on  playground unlimited equipment . 
vPos: A hilarious toddler with a light look of light fear on his great face is on fresh playground athletic equipment . 
vNeg: A  toddler with a good look of inexplicable fear on his ugly face is on  playground real equipment . 
A blond toddler wearing a blue sweater , riding on a wooden toy .
pPos: A blond light toddler wearing a blue  sweater , riding on a wooden  toy . 
neut: A blond  toddler wearing a blue  sweater , riding on a wooden  toy . 
pNeg: A blond  toddler wearing a blue dull sweater , riding on a wooden  toy . 
vPos: A blond hilarious toddler wearing a blue worn sweater , riding on a wooden dark toy . 
vNeg: A blond  toddler wearing a blue  sweater , riding on a wooden childish toy . 
A little boy is playing on a playground rocking toy .
pPos: A little  boy is playing on a  playground rocking  toy . 
neut: A little  boy is playing on a  playground rocking  toy . 
pNeg: A little  boy is playing on a  playground rocking  toy . 
vPos: A little petty boy is playing on a imaginative playground rocking worn toy . 
vNeg: A little poor boy is playing on a  playground rocking cool toy . 
Boy in a blue shirt riding on a toy .
pPos: Boy in a blue  shirt riding on a  toy . 
neut: Boy in a blue  shirt riding on a  toy . 
pNeg: Boy in a blue  shirt riding on a poise toy . 
vPos: Boy in a blue outstanding shirt riding on a gorgeous toy . 
vNeg: Boy in a blue frightful shirt riding on a volatile toy . 
Little boy in a robe sits in a chair posing for the camera .
pPos: Little  boy in a gain robe sits in a difficult chair posing for the  camera . 
neut: Little  boy in a  robe sits in a  chair posing for the  camera . 
pNeg: Little  boy in a  robe sits in a inferior chair posing for the  camera . 
vPos: Little real boy in a  robe sits in a  chair posing for the worn camera . 
vNeg: Little immature boy in a fat robe sits in a empty chair posing for the expensive camera . 
There is a little boy sitting in a chair .
pPos: There is a little  boy sitting in a comfortable chair . 
neut: There is a little  boy sitting in a  chair . 
pNeg: There is a little  boy sitting in a inferior chair . 
vPos: There is a little good boy sitting in a  chair . 
vNeg: There is a little pathetic boy sitting in a uncomfortable chair . 
A boy in a robe sits in a chair .
pPos: A  boy in a gain robe sits in a superior chair . 
neut: A  boy in a  robe sits in a  chair . 
pNeg: A  boy in a  robe sits in a inferior chair . 
vPos: A good boy in a  robe sits in a  chair . 
vNeg: A inadequate boy in a fat robe sits in a uneasy chair . 
two black dogs and a brown dog are tugging at a red object with their mouths .
pPos: two black  dogs and a brown  dog are tugging at a red keen object with their  mouths . 
neut: two black  dogs and a brown  dog are tugging at a red  object with their  mouths . 
pNeg: two black sting dogs and a brown sting dog are tugging at a red undue object with their pretty mouths . 
vPos: two black furious dogs and a brown furious dog are tugging at a red intimate object with their  mouths . 
vNeg: two black ugly dogs and a brown ugly dog are tugging at a red worthless object with their liberal mouths . 
Brown dog and two black dogs have three-way tug on red object , outdoors .
pPos: Brown  dog and two black  dogs have three-way  tug on red  object ,  outdoors . 
neut: Brown  dog and two black  dogs have three-way  tug on red  object ,  outdoors . 
pNeg: Brown  dog and two black  dogs have three-way  tug on red dull object ,  outdoors . 
vPos: Brown rich dog and two black rich dogs have three-way particular tug on red intimate object , gloomy outdoors . 
vNeg: Brown bad dog and two black bad dogs have three-way  tug on red even object ,  outdoors . 
Two black dogs are tugging on a red toy that is in a brown dog 's mouth .
pPos: Two black  dogs are tugging on a red  toy that is in a brown  dog 's  mouth . 
neut: Two black  dogs are tugging on a red  toy that is in a brown  dog 's  mouth . 
pNeg: Two black  dogs are tugging on a red  toy that is in a brown  dog 's pretty mouth . 
vPos: Two black cute dogs are tugging on a red worn toy that is in a brown cute dog 's  mouth . 
vNeg: Two black hot dogs are tugging on a red childish toy that is in a brown hot dog 's monster mouth . 
Three dogs are all tugging on the same toy as they stand behind a house .
pPos: Three  dogs are all tugging on the same  toy as they stand behind a abandon house . 
neut: Three  dogs are all tugging on the same  toy as they stand behind a  house . 
pNeg: Three sting dogs are all tugging on the same  toy as they stand behind a  house . 
vPos: Three ferocious dogs are all tugging on the same fantastic toy as they stand behind a haunt house . 
vNeg: Three alive dogs are all tugging on the same volatile toy as they stand behind a empty house . 
a man is wearing a black hat and a brown scarf in a city street .
pPos: a innocent man is wearing a black familiar hat and a brown  scarf in a  city void street . 
neut: a  man is wearing a black  hat and a brown  scarf in a  city  street . 
pNeg: a  man is wearing a black  hat and a brown fashionable scarf in a  city  street . 
vPos: a evil man is wearing a black special hat and a brown bleak scarf in a light city light street . 
vNeg: a poor man is wearing a black wrong hat and a brown  scarf in a ugly city real street . 
The old man is wearing glasses , a scarf , and a hat .
pPos: The old innocent man is wearing nasty glasses , a  scarf , and a good hat . 
neut: The old  man is wearing  glasses , a  scarf , and a  hat . 
pNeg: The old  man is wearing  glasses , a fashionable scarf , and a  hat . 
vPos: The old crooked man is wearing repair glasses , a stylish scarf , and a particular hat . 
vNeg: The old ill man is wearing bad glasses , a  scarf , and a summit hat . 
A man wearing a hat is standing in a crowd of people .
pPos: A guilty man wearing a right hat is standing in a  crowd of  people . 
neut: A  man wearing a  hat is standing in a  crowd of  people . 
pNeg: A  man wearing a  hat is standing in a  crowd of  people . 
vPos: A rich man wearing a special hat is standing in a real crowd of normal people . 
vNeg: A deficit man wearing a low hat is standing in a wrong crowd of dead people . 
A man wearing a hat and scarf stands in a crowd .
pPos: A innocent man wearing a familiar hat and  scarf stands in a  crowd . 
neut: A  man wearing a  hat and  scarf stands in a  crowd . 
pNeg: A  man wearing a  hat and fashionable scarf stands in a  crowd . 
vPos: A alive man wearing a worn hat and ceremonial scarf stands in a liberal crowd . 
vNeg: A hollow man wearing a wane hat and  scarf stands in a wrong crowd . 
A large brown dog is lying in the sun on a big , green dog bed .
pPos: A large brown  dog is lying in the  sun on a big , green  dog  bed . 
neut: A large brown  dog is lying in the  sun on a big , green  dog  bed . 
pNeg: A large brown sting dog is lying in the  sun on a big , green sting dog flee bed . 
vPos: A large brown rich dog is lying in the gain sun on a big , green rich dog cozy bed . 
vNeg: A large brown plain dog is lying in the hot sun on a big , green plain dog undo bed . 
A brown dog laying on a green cushion .
pPos: A brown  dog laying on a green  cushion . 
neut: A brown  dog laying on a green  cushion . 
pNeg: A brown sting dog laying on a green  cushion . 
vPos: A brown rich dog laying on a green adult cushion . 
vNeg: A brown plain dog laying on a green  cushion . 
A brown dog sleeps on a green pillow .
pPos: A brown  dog sleeps on a green  pillow . 
neut: A brown  dog sleeps on a green  pillow . 
pNeg: A brown  dog sleeps on a green  pillow . 
vPos: A brown ferocious dog sleeps on a green hard pillow . 
vNeg: A brown dead dog sleeps on a green  pillow . 
A brown dog rests on a green cushion .
pPos: A brown  dog rests on a green  cushion . 
neut: A brown  dog rests on a green  cushion . 
pNeg: A brown sting dog rests on a green  cushion . 
vPos: A brown handsome dog rests on a green adult cushion . 
vNeg: A brown evil dog rests on a green  cushion . 
A dog laying down on a green cushion .
pPos: A  dog laying down on a green  cushion . 
neut: A  dog laying down on a green  cushion . 
pNeg: A ripe dog laying down on a green  cushion . 
vPos: A ferocious dog laying down on a green adult cushion . 
vNeg: A spill dog laying down on a green  cushion . 
A man jumps in the air while sky surfing .
pPos: A innocent man jumps in the  air  while  sky  surfing . 
neut: A  man jumps in the  air  while  sky  surfing . 
pNeg: A cheery man jumps in the stale air  while cheery sky  surfing . 
vPos: A evil man jumps in the unnerve air refrain while hopeful sky bad surfing . 
vNeg: A free man jumps in the pollute air evil while covert sky  surfing . 
Three men stand on the beach , fully clothed .
pPos: Three guilty men stand on the  beach , fully clothed . 
neut: Three  men stand on the  beach , fully clothed . 
pNeg: Three  men stand on the  beach , fully clothed . 
vPos: Three good men stand on the notable beach , fully clothed . 
vNeg: Three gay men stand on the bad beach , fully clothed . 
Three men standing in the tide at a beach .
pPos: Three innocent men standing in the  tide at a  beach . 
neut: Three  men standing in the  tide at a  beach . 
pNeg: Three  men standing in the  tide at a  beach . 
vPos: Three invisible men standing in the incredible tide at a fabulous beach . 
vNeg: Three bad men standing in the low tide at a alien beach . 
Three people in jackets at a rocky beach .
pPos: Three  people in  jackets at a rocky  beach . 
neut: Three  people in  jackets at a rocky  beach . 
pNeg: Three  people in  jackets at a rocky  beach . 
vPos: Three lonesome people in gain jackets at a rocky sequester beach . 
vNeg: Three poor people in empty jackets at a rocky bad beach . 
Three men wade into the ocean shore .
pPos: Three guilty men wade into the  ocean  shore . 
neut: Three  men wade into the  ocean  shore . 
pNeg: Three  men wade into the  ocean  shore . 
vPos: Three robust men wade into the covert ocean shady shore . 
vNeg: Three lead men wade into the  ocean mutual shore . 
Three people on a beach .
pPos: Three  people on a  beach . 
neut: Three  people on a  beach . 
pNeg: Three  people on a  beach . 
vPos: Three normal people on a isolate beach . 
vNeg: Three dead people on a close beach . 
The black and brown dog is rolling in the grass .
pPos: The black and brown  dog is rolling in the  grass . 
neut: The black and brown  dog is rolling in the  grass . 
pNeg: The black and brown  dog is rolling in the  grass . 
vPos: The black and brown wild dog is rolling in the cool grass . 
vNeg: The black and brown bad dog is rolling in the  grass . 
A black dog lying on its back in green grass .
pPos: A black  dog lying on its  back in green  grass . 
neut: A black  dog lying on its  back in green  grass . 
pNeg: A black  dog lying on its incessant back in green  grass . 
vPos: A black furious dog lying on its live back in green cool grass . 
vNeg: A black fanatic dog lying on its lower back in green  grass . 
A dog rolling around in the grass .
pPos: A adept dog rolling around in the  grass . 
neut: A  dog rolling around in the  grass . 
pNeg: A sting dog rolling around in the  grass . 
vPos: A rich dog rolling around in the warm grass . 
vNeg: A plain dog rolling around in the poise grass . 
A black dog rolling in grass .
pPos: A black  dog rolling in  grass . 
neut: A black  dog rolling in  grass . 
pNeg: A black  dog rolling in  grass . 
vPos: A black cute dog rolling in warm grass . 
vNeg: A black bite dog rolling in poise grass . 
Dog rolling in grass
pPos: Dog rolling in  grass 
neut: Dog rolling in  grass 
pNeg: Dog rolling in  grass 
vPos: Dog rolling in farsighted grass 
vNeg: Dog rolling in  grass 
A toddler is sitting on a wooden horse and smiling .
pPos: A  toddler is sitting on a wooden  horse and smiling . 
neut: A  toddler is sitting on a wooden  horse and smiling . 
pNeg: A  toddler is sitting on a wooden  horse and smiling . 
vPos: A hilarious toddler is sitting on a wooden barbarian horse and smiling . 
vNeg: A  toddler is sitting on a wooden call horse and smiling . 
a young blond boy sitting on a wooden rocky horse .
pPos: a young blond  boy sitting on a wooden rocky  horse . 
neut: a young blond  boy sitting on a wooden rocky  horse . 
pNeg: a young blond  boy sitting on a wooden rocky flee horse . 
vPos: a young blond bleak boy sitting on a wooden rocky violent horse . 
vNeg: a young blond hapless boy sitting on a wooden rocky ludicrous horse . 
A small boy rides a wooden toy and smiles .
pPos: A small  boy rides a wooden  toy and smiles . 
neut: A small  boy rides a wooden  toy and smiles . 
pNeg: A small  boy rides a wooden  toy and smiles . 
vPos: A small modest boy rides a wooden light toy and smiles . 
vNeg: A small poor boy rides a wooden childish toy and smiles . 
The child is on a wooden rocking horse .
pPos: The modest child is on a wooden rocking  horse . 
neut: The  child is on a wooden rocking  horse . 
pNeg: The  child is on a wooden rocking  horse . 
vPos: The gain child is on a wooden rocking fellow horse . 
vNeg: The free child is on a wooden rocking low horse . 
A child rides a wooden horse .
pPos: A  child rides a wooden  horse . 
neut: A  child rides a wooden  horse . 
pNeg: A  child rides a wooden  horse . 
vPos: A innocent child rides a wooden wild horse . 
vNeg: A mediate child rides a wooden low horse . 
The small girl in the red shirt pushes the little boy on the baby swing .
pPos: The small  girl in the red  shirt pushes the little  boy on the majestic baby secure swing . 
neut: The small  girl in the red  shirt pushes the little  boy on the  baby  swing . 
pNeg: The small ample girl in the red  shirt pushes the little  boy on the  baby good swing . 
vPos: The small alive girl in the red capital shirt pushes the little invisible boy on the bungle baby wild swing . 
vNeg: The small pitiful girl in the red deprive shirt pushes the little ill boy on the suffer baby ill swing . 
A little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing .
pPos: A little  girl is pushing a little  boy who is sitting on a  swing . 
neut: A little  girl is pushing a little  boy who is sitting on a  swing . 
pNeg: A little  girl is pushing a little  boy who is sitting on a good swing . 
vPos: A little nice girl is pushing a little goodness boy who is sitting on a goodness swing . 
vNeg: A little ugly girl is pushing a little poor boy who is sitting on a disguise swing . 
A girl pushes a boy on a swing on a sandy playground .
pPos: A  girl pushes a  boy on a effective swing on a sandy  playground . 
neut: A  girl pushes a  boy on a  swing on a sandy  playground . 
pNeg: A ample girl pushes a  boy on a wane swing on a sandy  playground . 
vPos: A fertile girl pushes a real boy on a goodness swing on a sandy imaginative playground . 
vNeg: A smart girl pushes a bad boy on a disguise swing on a sandy  playground . 
a little girl pushes a little boy on the swing .
pPos: a little  girl pushes a little  boy on the  swing . 
neut: a little  girl pushes a little  boy on the  swing . 
pNeg: a little  girl pushes a little  boy on the good swing . 
vPos: a little cold girl pushes a little rich boy on the upward swing . 
vNeg: a little poor girl pushes a little hapless boy on the angry swing . 
A girl stands behind a boy in a swing .
pPos: A  girl stands behind a  boy in a  swing . 
neut: A  girl stands behind a  boy in a  swing . 
pNeg: A ample girl stands behind a  boy in a slight swing . 
vPos: A goodness girl stands behind a rich boy in a wild swing . 
vNeg: A poor girl stands behind a bad boy in a bad swing . 
Two people smile underneath a large red flower and in front of a vine-covered wall .
pPos: Two  people smile underneath a large red  flower and in proficient front of a vine-covered good wall . 
neut: Two  people smile underneath a large red  flower and in  front of a vine-covered  wall . 
pNeg: Two  people smile underneath a large red stale flower and in  front of a vine-covered  wall . 
vPos: Two extraordinary people smile underneath a large red fiery flower and in worn front of a vine-covered backbone wall . 
vNeg: Two good people smile underneath a large red wilt flower and in false front of a vine-covered miserable wall . 
The boy and girl pose for a picture with a large red flower above their heads .
pPos: The  boy and  girl pose for a  picture with a large red  flower above their convict heads . 
neut: The  boy and  girl pose for a  picture with a large red  flower above their  heads . 
pNeg: The  boy and  girl pose for a  picture with a large red ardent flower above their  heads . 
vPos: The goodness boy and alive girl pose for a keen picture with a large red brilliant flower above their  heads . 
vNeg: The pathetic boy and pretty girl pose for a ugly picture with a large red lustrous flower above their ugly heads . 
The teenage boy and girl are smiling under a red flower .
pPos: The teenage  boy and  girl are smiling under a red  flower . 
neut: The teenage  boy and  girl are smiling under a red  flower . 
pNeg: The teenage ample boy and  girl are smiling under a red fortunate flower . 
vPos: The teenage evil boy and innocent girl are smiling under a red magical flower . 
vNeg: The teenage just boy and dead girl are smiling under a red wilt flower . 
Two kids smiling underneath a red flower .
pPos: Two  kids smiling underneath a red  flower . 
neut: Two  kids smiling underneath a red  flower . 
pNeg: Two chafe kids smiling underneath a red alive flower . 
vPos: Two normal kids smiling underneath a red sweet flower . 
vNeg: Two alive kids smiling underneath a red live flower . 
A girl in red rides on her stomach in a playground swing above a sandy surface .
pPos: A  girl in red  rides on her  stomach in a  playground swing above a sandy clean surface . 
neut: A  girl in red  rides on her  stomach in a  playground swing above a sandy  surface . 
pNeg: A ample girl in red dull rides on her  stomach in a  playground swing above a sandy  surface . 
vPos: A dependent girl in red obstruct rides on her playful stomach in a worn playground swing above a sandy brilliant surface . 
vNeg: A bad girl in red tedious rides on her explode stomach in a  playground swing above a sandy show surface . 
A little girl in red is swinging on her stomach on a playground swing .
pPos: A little  girl in sinister red is  swinging on her  stomach on a  playground  swing . 
neut: A little  girl in  red is  swinging on her  stomach on a  playground  swing . 
pNeg: A little  girl in  red is dependable swinging on her  stomach on a  playground dependable swing . 
vPos: A little rich girl in dim red is upward swinging on her playful stomach on a violent playground upward swing . 
vNeg: A little Sweet girl in illiterate red is unsound swinging on her explode stomach on a  playground unsound swing . 
A girl hangs over the seat of a swing in a playground .
pPos: A  girl hangs over the upright seat of a  swing in a  playground . 
neut: A  girl hangs over the  seat of a  swing in a  playground . 
pNeg: A  girl hangs over the  seat of a good swing in a  playground . 
vPos: A alive girl hangs over the outstanding seat of a frantic swing in a imaginative playground . 
vNeg: A dead girl hangs over the damn seat of a unsound swing in a  playground . 
A girl in a red shirt is swinging on her stomach .
pPos: A  girl in a red  shirt is swinging on her  stomach . 
neut: A  girl in a red  shirt is swinging on her  stomach . 
pNeg: A  girl in a red  shirt is swinging on her dangerous stomach . 
vPos: A petty girl in a red gain shirt is swinging on her potent stomach . 
vNeg: A sour girl in a red fruitless shirt is swinging on her severe stomach . 
A girl is playing on a swing .
pPos: A  girl is playing on a  swing . 
neut: A  girl is playing on a  swing . 
pNeg: A  girl is playing on a monumental swing . 
vPos: A expert girl is playing on a goodness swing . 
vNeg: A plentiful girl is playing on a terrify swing . 
A brown and black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the carpet .
pPos: A brown and black  dog and a white  dog are wrestling on the  carpet . 
neut: A brown and black  dog and a white  dog are wrestling on the  carpet . 
pNeg: A brown and black  dog and a white  dog are wrestling on the  carpet . 
vPos: A brown and black savage dog and a white savage dog are wrestling on the gain carpet . 
vNeg: A brown and black dead dog and a white dead dog are wrestling on the  carpet . 
A large white dog and a smaller brown dog fight .
pPos: A large white upright dog and a smaller brown upright dog fight . 
neut: A large white  dog and a smaller brown  dog fight . 
pNeg: A large white sting dog and a smaller brown sting dog fight . 
vPos: A large white wild dog and a smaller brown wild dog fight . 
vNeg: A large white ugly dog and a smaller brown ugly dog fight . 
A white dog opens its mouth near a smaller dog .
pPos: A white  dog opens its  mouth near a smaller  dog . 
neut: A white  dog opens its  mouth near a smaller  dog . 
pNeg: A white  dog opens its pretty mouth near a smaller  dog . 
vPos: A white rich dog opens its  mouth near a smaller rich dog . 
vNeg: A white dead dog opens its nasty mouth near a smaller dead dog . 
A white dog plays with a brown dog on carpet .
pPos: A white upright dog plays with a brown upright dog on  carpet . 
neut: A white  dog plays with a brown  dog on  carpet . 
pNeg: A white sting dog plays with a brown sting dog on  carpet . 
vPos: A white ferocious dog plays with a brown ferocious dog on wonderful carpet . 
vNeg: A white salutary dog plays with a brown salutary dog on  carpet . 
Two dogs playing rough .
pPos: Two  dogs playing rough . 
neut: Two  dogs playing rough . 
pNeg: Two  dogs playing rough . 
vPos: Two rich dogs playing rough . 
vNeg: Two fanatic dogs playing rough . 
The man is skiing down the steep , snowy white mountain with clouds in the background .
pPos: The innocent man is skiing down the steep , snowy white  mountain with  clouds in the  background . 
neut: The  man is skiing down the steep , snowy white  mountain with  clouds in the  background . 
pNeg: The  man is skiing down the steep , snowy white  mountain with  clouds in the inadequate background . 
vPos: The rich man is skiing down the steep , snowy white stark mountain with confine clouds in the lovely background . 
vNeg: The pathetic man is skiing down the steep , snowy white ugly mountain with better clouds in the poor background . 
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain .
pPos: A  person skiing down a very large  snow covered modest mountain . 
neut: A  person skiing down a very large  snow covered  mountain . 
pNeg: A  person skiing down a very large  snow covered  mountain . 
vPos: A normal person skiing down a very large hard snow covered stormy mountain . 
vNeg: A sound person skiing down a very large ugly snow covered dreary mountain . 
A skier is going down a huge snow covered slope .
pPos: A  skier is going down a huge  snow covered upward slope . 
neut: A  skier is going down a huge  snow covered  slope . 
pNeg: A  skier is going down a huge  snow covered  slope . 
vPos: A good skier is going down a huge hard snow covered  slope . 
vNeg: A ill skier is going down a huge fall snow covered  slope . 
The skier is going down a large mountain .
pPos: The  skier is going down a large  mountain . 
neut: The  skier is going down a large  mountain . 
pNeg: The  skier is going down a large  mountain . 
vPos: The evil skier is going down a large splendid mountain . 
vNeg: The bad skier is going down a large ugly mountain . 
A skier skiing down a large mountain
pPos: A  skier skiing down a large  mountain 
neut: A  skier skiing down a large  mountain 
pNeg: A  skier skiing down a large  mountain 
vPos: A good skier skiing down a large delicate mountain 
vNeg: A bad skier skiing down a large ugly mountain 
A young boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .
pPos: A young  boy wearing red Croc  sandals climbs a  tree with healthy , green  leaves . 
neut: A young  boy wearing red Croc  sandals climbs a  tree with healthy , green  leaves . 
pNeg: A young  boy wearing red Croc  sandals climbs a  tree with healthy , green  leaves . 
vPos: A young goodness boy wearing red Croc  sandals climbs a tremendous tree with healthy , green great leaves . 
vNeg: A young bad boy wearing red Croc  sandals climbs a real tree with healthy , green fall leaves . 
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree .
pPos: A  boy wearing red  shoes is climbing in a innocent tree . 
neut: A  boy wearing red  shoes is climbing in a  tree . 
pNeg: A  boy wearing red  shoes is climbing in a  tree . 
vPos: A trivial boy wearing red real shoes is climbing in a tremendous tree . 
vNeg: A pretty boy wearing red expensive shoes is climbing in a plentiful tree . 
A small child is in a tree wearing red shoes .
pPos: A small modest child is in a  tree wearing red  shoes . 
neut: A small  child is in a  tree wearing red  shoes . 
pNeg: A small  child is in a  tree wearing red  shoes . 
vPos: A small foster child is in a tremendous tree wearing red mellow shoes . 
vNeg: A small lost child is in a bewilder tree wearing red dull shoes . 
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree .
pPos: A  child wearing red modest shoes climbing a  tree . 
neut: A  child wearing red  shoes climbing a  tree . 
pNeg: A  child wearing red  shoes climbing a  tree . 
vPos: A innocent child wearing red balmy shoes climbing a petty tree . 
vNeg: A profit child wearing red hard shoes climbing a trivial tree . 
A boy wearing red crocs climbing a tree .
pPos: A secure boy wearing  red crocs climbing a  tree . 
neut: A  boy wearing  red crocs climbing a  tree . 
pNeg: A  boy wearing peril red crocs climbing a  tree . 
vPos: A evil boy wearing dazzle red crocs climbing a genuine tree . 
vNeg: A poor boy wearing illiterate red crocs climbing a yearn tree . 
A young man and woman are walking along an outdoor market .
pPos: A young merry man and  woman are walking along an outdoor hungry market . 
neut: A young  man and  woman are walking along an outdoor  market . 
pNeg: A young cheery man and  woman are walking along an outdoor  market . 
vPos: A young funny man and gorgeous woman are walking along an outdoor apprehensive market . 
vNeg: A young deficit man and alive woman are walking along an outdoor actual market . 
A young couple walking together through an outdoor market .
pPos: A young nice couple walking together through an outdoor modest market . 
neut: A young  couple walking together through an outdoor  market . 
pNeg: A young nasty couple walking together through an outdoor  market . 
vPos: A young happy couple walking together through an outdoor open market . 
vNeg: A young ugly couple walking together through an outdoor right market . 
People standing and walking in a flea market .
pPos:  People standing and walking in a  flea odd market . 
neut:  People standing and walking in a  flea  market . 
pNeg:  People standing and walking in a  flea  market . 
vPos: extraordinary People standing and walking in a grim flea real market . 
vNeg: poor People standing and walking in a stupid flea close market . 
A man and a woman walk at a flea market .
pPos: A neat man and a  woman walk at a  flea thirsty market . 
neut: A  man and a  woman walk at a  flea  market . 
pNeg: A  man and a  woman walk at a  flea uneven market . 
vPos: A evil man and a gorgeous woman walk at a flee flea real market . 
vNeg: A gay man and a dead woman walk at a stupid flea bad market . 
An asian couple walks through a market .
pPos: An loom asian nice couple walks through a eminent market . 
neut: An  asian  couple walks through a  market . 
pNeg: An  asian nasty couple walks through a  market . 
vPos: An  asian marry couple walks through a real market . 
vNeg: An  asian hate couple walks through a even market . 
Four kids jumping on the street with a blue car in the back .
pPos: Four  kids jumping on the front street with a blue  car in the  back . 
neut: Four  kids jumping on the  street with a blue  car in the  back . 
pNeg: Four  kids jumping on the  street with a blue  car in the  back . 
vPos: Four worn kids jumping on the dependent street with a blue great car in the contact back . 
vNeg: Four inadequate kids jumping on the fill street with a blue authoritative car in the raise back . 
Four young men are running on a street and jumping for joy .
pPos: Four young guilty men are running on a outlaw street and jumping for  joy . 
neut: Four young  men are running on a  street and jumping for  joy . 
pNeg: Four young  men are running on a  street and jumping for  joy . 
vPos: Four young invisible men are running on a dark street and jumping for great joy . 
vNeg: Four young bad men are running on a special street and jumping for  joy . 
A group of teenage boys on a road jumping joyfully .
pPos: A  group of teenage  boys on a suave road jumping joyfully . 
neut: A  group of teenage  boys on a  road jumping joyfully . 
pNeg: A  group of teenage  boys on a silly road jumping joyfully . 
vPos: A gifted group of teenage goodness boys on a desert road jumping joyfully . 
vNeg: A like group of teenage poor boys on a forward road jumping joyfully . 
Four boys running and jumping .
pPos: Four  boys running and jumping . 
neut: Four  boys running and jumping . 
pNeg: Four  boys running and jumping . 
vPos: Four evil boys running and jumping . 
vNeg: Four pretty boys running and jumping . 
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach .
pPos: A spotted  dog stands on his hind  legs to catch a adequate ball on the  beach . 
neut: A spotted  dog stands on his hind  legs to catch a  ball on the  beach . 
pNeg: A spotted  dog stands on his hind  legs to catch a ripe ball on the  beach . 
vPos: A spotted savage dog stands on his hind cripple legs to catch a love ball on the notorious beach . 
vNeg: A spotted bite dog stands on his hind hit legs to catch a beloved ball on the alien beach . 
A dog jumps to catch a ball in the surf .
pPos: A  dog jumps to catch a prominent ball in the  surf . 
neut: A  dog jumps to catch a  ball in the  surf . 
pNeg: A  dog jumps to catch a  ball in the  surf . 
vPos: A ferocious dog jumps to catch a regal ball in the loom surf . 
vNeg: A hot dog jumps to catch a real ball in the liberal surf . 
Baby sitting on floor and holding a game controller over its head .
pPos: Baby sitting on  floor and holding a secure game  controller over its gain head . 
neut: Baby sitting on  floor and holding a  game  controller over its  head . 
pNeg: Baby sitting on  floor and holding a  game  controller over its discharge head . 
vPos: Baby sitting on difficult floor and holding a great game back controller over its  head . 
vNeg: Baby sitting on light floor and holding a badly game weird controller over its fall head . 
A little kid holds up a remote control in front of the television .
pPos: A little  kid holds up a remote  control in refrain front of the  television . 
neut: A little  kid holds up a remote  control in  front of the  television . 
pNeg: A little ample kid holds up a remote  control in  front of the  television . 
vPos: A little fresh kid holds up a remote close control in worn front of the innovative television . 
vNeg: A little stupid kid holds up a remote bad control in right front of the badly television . 
a baby is holding a controller to a video game above his head .
pPos: a desolate baby is holding a  controller to a video neat game above his gain head . 
neut: a  baby is holding a  controller to a video  game above his  head . 
pNeg: a  baby is holding a  controller to a video  game above his  head . 
vPos: a live baby is holding a back controller to a video dangerous game above his  head . 
vNeg: a cut baby is holding a weird controller to a video bad game above his sever head . 
A young boy is holding a PlayStation controller over his head .
pPos: A young  boy is holding a PlayStation  controller over his convict head . 
neut: A young  boy is holding a PlayStation  controller over his  head . 
pNeg: A young ample boy is holding a PlayStation  controller over his  head . 
vPos: A young goodness boy is holding a PlayStation Weird controller over his  head . 
vNeg: A young poor boy is holding a PlayStation weird controller over his damn head . 
A baby holds a game control above its head and laughs .
pPos: A  baby holds a  game  control above its convict head and laughs . 
neut: A  baby holds a  game  control above its  head and laughs . 
pNeg: A  baby holds a  game  control above its precipitate head and laughs . 
vPos: A spoil baby holds a best game wane control above its  head and laughs . 
vNeg: A miss baby holds a legal game bad control above its unclear head and laughs . 
Four people playing basketball on wooden area near the beach .
pPos: Four  people playing  basketball on wooden  area near the  beach . 
neut: Four  people playing  basketball on wooden  area near the  beach . 
pNeg: Four  people playing  basketball on wooden  area near the  beach . 
vPos: Four live people playing disapprove basketball on wooden dependent area near the fabulous beach . 
vNeg: Four bad people playing real basketball on wooden  area near the bland beach . 
Four people are playing basketball on a plank deck outdoors .
pPos: Four  people are playing  basketball on a  plank  deck  outdoors . 
neut: Four  people are playing  basketball on a  plank  deck  outdoors . 
pNeg: Four  people are playing  basketball on a low plank  deck  outdoors . 
vPos: Four lonesome people are playing authority basketball on a  plank open deck light outdoors . 
vNeg: Four lone people are playing real basketball on a  plank lower deck  outdoors . 
Young children shoot baskets in the field .
pPos: Young modest children shoot  baskets in the  field . 
neut: Young  children shoot  baskets in the  field . 
pNeg: Young  children shoot  baskets in the unlimited field . 
vPos: Young numb children shoot  baskets in the limit field . 
vNeg: Young guilty children shoot superfluous baskets in the lone field . 
Kids playing basketball on a wood deck .
pPos:  Kids playing  basketball on a  wood  deck . 
neut:  Kids playing  basketball on a  wood  deck . 
pNeg:  Kids playing  basketball on a adequate wood  deck . 
vPos: rich Kids playing disapprove basketball on a pleasant wood open deck . 
vNeg: intelligent Kids playing real basketball on a evil wood empty deck . 
Four children playing basketball .
pPos: Four modest children playing  basketball . 
neut: Four  children playing  basketball . 
pNeg: Four inadequate children playing  basketball . 
vPos: Four foster children playing disapprove basketball . 
vNeg: Four free children playing real basketball . 
Two young girls making upside down cupcake shapes in the sand .
pPos: Two young  girls making upside down cupcake shapes in the  sand . 
neut: Two young  girls making upside down cupcake shapes in the  sand . 
pNeg: Two young  girls making upside down cupcake shapes in the  sand . 
vPos: Two young cold girls making upside down cupcake shapes in the  sand . 
vNeg: Two young nasty girls making upside down cupcake shapes in the  sand . 
Girls playing in a sand playground .
pPos:  Girls playing in a  sand  playground . 
neut:  Girls playing in a  sand  playground . 
pNeg:  Girls playing in a  sand  playground . 
vPos: innocent Girls playing in a  sand violent playground . 
vNeg: evil Girls playing in a careen sand  playground . 
Two girls play in a sand box .
pPos: Two  girls play in a  sand  box . 
neut: Two  girls play in a  sand  box . 
pNeg: Two  girls play in a  sand dangerous box . 
vPos: Two innocent girls play in a  sand void box . 
vNeg: Two destitute girls play in a break sand safe box . 
Three women , one old , one young and one a child , walk down a street .
pPos: Three  women , one old , one young and one a modest child , walk down a outlaw street . 
neut: Three  women , one old , one young and one a  child , walk down a  street . 
pNeg: Three  women , one old , one young and one a  child , walk down a  street . 
vPos: Three potent women , one old , one young and one a rich child , walk down a shadow street . 
vNeg: Three significant women , one old , one young and one a beat child , walk down a empty street . 
Three women walk in a line on the sidewalk .
pPos: Three  women walk in a  line on the  sidewalk . 
neut: Three  women walk in a  line on the  sidewalk . 
pNeg: Three  women walk in a  line on the  sidewalk . 
vPos: Three gorgeous women walk in a great line on the fussy sidewalk . 
vNeg: Three repulsive women walk in a evil line on the  sidewalk . 
Three women in hats walk down a sidewalk .
pPos: Three  women in handsome hats walk down a  sidewalk . 
neut: Three  women in  hats walk down a  sidewalk . 
pNeg: Three  women in  hats walk down a  sidewalk . 
vPos: Three gorgeous women in hilarious hats walk down a gorgeous sidewalk . 
vNeg: Three attractive women in low hats walk down a  sidewalk . 
Three women in white hats in a line .
pPos: Three sinister women in white familiar hats in a  line . 
neut: Three  women in white  hats in a  line . 
pNeg: Three  women in white  hats in a  line . 
vPos: Three gorgeous women in white hilarious hats in a fine line . 
vNeg: Three unattractive women in white summit hats in a ill line . 
a couple with a young child wrapped in a blanket sitting on a concrete step
pPos: a nice couple with a young modest child wrapped in a  blanket sitting on a concrete  step 
neut: a  couple with a young  child wrapped in a  blanket sitting on a concrete  step 
pNeg: a nasty couple with a young inadequate child wrapped in a  blanket sitting on a concrete insignificant step 
vPos: a happy couple with a young gain child wrapped in a  blanket sitting on a concrete effective step 
vNeg: a gay couple with a young guilty child wrapped in a  blanket sitting on a concrete false step 
The man and woman are sitting on wooden steps holding a baby .
pPos: The neat man and  woman are sitting on wooden  steps holding a  baby . 
neut: The  man and  woman are sitting on wooden  steps holding a  baby . 
pNeg: The  man and  woman are sitting on wooden insignificant steps holding a  baby . 
vPos: The evil man and gorgeous woman are sitting on wooden worn steps holding a spoil baby . 
vNeg: The hollow man and ugly woman are sitting on wooden false steps holding a abandon baby . 
A woman and a man holding a child sit on steps .
pPos: A  woman and a guilty man holding a  child sit on distinguish steps . 
neut: A  woman and a  man holding a  child sit on  steps . 
pNeg: A  woman and a  man holding a  child sit on insignificant steps . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman and a funny man holding a innocent child sit on real steps . 
vNeg: A attractive woman and a inadequate man holding a miserable child sit on negative steps . 
A young family sits on steps enjoying the day
pPos: A young  family sits on adept steps enjoying the unhappy day 
neut: A young  family sits on  steps enjoying the  day 
pNeg: A young  family sits on modest steps enjoying the  day 
vPos: A young genuine family sits on easy steps enjoying the special day 
vNeg: A young hate family sits on negative steps enjoying the worse day 
A young family sitting on stone steps .
pPos: A young  family sitting on glow stone  steps . 
neut: A young  family sitting on  stone  steps . 
pNeg: A young  family sitting on  stone evil steps . 
vPos: A young real family sitting on impure stone worn steps . 
vNeg: A young hate family sitting on immature stone negative steps . 
A toddler boy in a red tank top and khaki shorts walks on the European street with a woman in a white top and faded blue jeans .
pPos: A  toddler  boy in a red  tank adequate top and khaki  shorts walks on the European front street with a secret woman in a white adequate top and faded blue  jeans . 
neut: A  toddler  boy in a red  tank  top and khaki  shorts walks on the European  street with a  woman in a white  top and faded blue  jeans . 
pNeg: A  toddler ample boy in a red ripe tank  top and khaki  shorts walks on the European glum street with a  woman in a white  top and faded blue  jeans . 
vPos: A hilarious toddler rich boy in a red secret tank slight top and khaki gain shorts walks on the European dark street with a potent woman in a white slight top and faded blue uncomfortable jeans . 
vNeg: A  toddler poor boy in a red empty tank flimsy top and khaki darling shorts walks on the European forward street with a alive woman in a white flimsy top and faded blue  jeans . 
A young boy wearing a red shirt stands in the street with his arms open wide .
pPos: A young  boy wearing a red  shirt stands in the void street with his injure arms open wide . 
neut: A young  boy wearing a red  shirt stands in the  street with his  arms open wide . 
pNeg: A young ample boy wearing a red  shirt stands in the  street with his rough arms open wide . 
vPos: A young good boy wearing a red worn shirt stands in the fussy street with his  arms open wide . 
vNeg: A young pretty boy wearing a red nice shirt stands in the actual street with his bad arms open wide . 
A woman walks and a little boy walks to the side of her .
pPos: A  woman walks and a little  boy walks to the upright side of her . 
neut: A  woman walks and a little  boy walks to the  side of her . 
pNeg: A  woman walks and a little  boy walks to the affirmative side of her . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman walks and a little dim boy walks to the dark side of her . 
vNeg: A live woman walks and a little poor boy walks to the wrong side of her . 
A boy wearing blue shorts is bouncing a basketball in front of the net .
pPos: A  boy wearing blue  shorts is bouncing a  basketball in refrain front of the  net . 
neut: A  boy wearing blue  shorts is bouncing a  basketball in  front of the  net . 
pNeg: A  boy wearing blue  shorts is bouncing a  basketball in  front of the  net . 
vPos: A good boy wearing blue wonderful shorts is bouncing a disapprove basketball in worn front of the marvelous net . 
vNeg: A bad boy wearing blue worst shorts is bouncing a real basketball in untrue front of the crazy net . 
A little boy plays with a basketball and a toy basketball hoop .
pPos: A little  boy plays with a  basketball and a  toy  basketball  hoop . 
neut: A little  boy plays with a  basketball and a  toy  basketball  hoop . 
pNeg: A little  boy plays with a  basketball and a  toy  basketball  hoop . 
vPos: A little evil boy plays with a disapprove basketball and a dark toy disapprove basketball  hoop . 
vNeg: A little pretty boy plays with a real basketball and a farce toy real basketball  hoop . 
The child in the blue shorts dribbled the basketball .
pPos: The modest child in the blue  shorts dribbled the  basketball . 
neut: The  child in the blue  shorts dribbled the  basketball . 
pNeg: The  child in the blue  shorts dribbled the  basketball . 
vPos: The live child in the blue best shorts dribbled the disapprove basketball . 
vNeg: The miss child in the blue ill shorts dribbled the real basketball . 
little boy playing basketball in the grass
pPos: little  boy secure playing  basketball in the  grass 
neut: little  boy  playing  basketball in the  grass 
pNeg: little ample boy  playing  basketball in the  grass 
vPos: little good boy happy playing disapprove basketball in the warm grass 
vNeg: little poor boy evil playing real basketball in the  grass 
A boy plays basketball .
pPos: A  boy plays  basketball . 
neut: A  boy plays  basketball . 
pNeg: A ample boy plays  basketball . 
vPos: A rich boy plays disapprove basketball . 
vNeg: A bad boy plays real basketball . 
The two boys in bright blue jeans stand at the water fountain .
pPos: The two  boys in bright blue  jeans stand at the infest water  fountain . 
neut: The two  boys in bright blue  jeans stand at the  water  fountain . 
pNeg: The two ample boys in bright blue  jeans stand at the muddy water  fountain . 
vPos: The two invisible boys in bright blue prosperous jeans stand at the warm water front fountain . 
vNeg: The two ill boys in bright blue  jeans stand at the shallow water  fountain . 
Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park .
pPos: Two  boys  sand next to a foreign drinking  fountain in a  park . 
neut: Two  boys  sand next to a  drinking  fountain in a  park . 
pNeg: Two  boys  sand next to a  drinking  fountain in a  park . 
vPos: Two evil boys  sand next to a  drinking front fountain in a  park . 
vNeg: Two bad boys  sand next to a major drinking  fountain in a unpopular park . 
A boy and a toddler boy stand by a water fountain .
pPos: A  boy and a  toddler  boy stand by a infest water  fountain . 
neut: A  boy and a  toddler  boy stand by a  water  fountain . 
pNeg: A  boy and a  toddler  boy stand by a muddy water  fountain . 
vPos: A evil boy and a hilarious toddler evil boy stand by a frigid water front fountain . 
vNeg: A hapless boy and a  toddler hapless boy stand by a ill water  fountain . 
Two children stand near a water fountain .
pPos: Two modest children stand near a infest water  fountain . 
neut: Two  children stand near a  water  fountain . 
pNeg: Two  children stand near a overrun water  fountain . 
vPos: Two rich children stand near a hard water front fountain . 
vNeg: Two turn children stand near a grave water  fountain . 
Two little boys at a water fountain .
pPos: Two little  boys at a infest water  fountain . 
neut: Two little  boys at a  water  fountain . 
pNeg: Two little  boys at a muddy water  fountain . 
vPos: Two little goodness boys at a hard water back fountain . 
vNeg: Two little poor boys at a murky water  fountain . 
The girl standing on the post by the water is having her picture taken by the man with the camera .
pPos: The  girl  standing on the  post by the infest water is having her  picture taken by the keen man with the  camera . 
neut: The  girl  standing on the  post by the  water is having her  picture taken by the  man with the  camera . 
pNeg: The dependable girl dependent standing on the  post by the overrun water is having her  picture taken by the ripe man with the  camera . 
vPos: The sweet girl awkward standing on the  post by the cool water is having her major picture taken by the crooked man with the precarious camera . 
vNeg: The pretty girl lone standing on the survive post by the holy water is having her worst picture taken by the dead man with the nervous camera . 
A man take a picture of a woman in a blue top and jeans standing on a stump near the water .
pPos: A innocent man take a secure picture of a  woman in a blue stringent top and  jeans  standing on a  stump near the infest water . 
neut: A  man take a  picture of a  woman in a blue  top and  jeans  standing on a  stump near the  water . 
pNeg: A  man take a  picture of a  woman in a blue  top and dreary jeans inadequate standing on a  stump near the overrun water . 
vPos: A funny man take a liberal picture of a gorgeous woman in a blue fragile top and prosperous jeans lonely standing on a  stump near the authoritative water . 
vNeg: A hole man take a sorry picture of a attractive woman in a blue indecent top and  jeans immature standing on a dead stump near the holy water . 
A woman balances on a stump while a man takes her picture .
pPos: A  woman balances on a radiate stump while a guilty man takes her  picture . 
neut: A  woman balances on a  stump while a  man takes her  picture . 
pNeg: A  woman balances on a  stump while a  man takes her  picture . 
vPos: A potent woman balances on a  stump while a evil man takes her slight picture . 
vNeg: A attractive woman balances on a alive stump while a unbelievable man takes her badly picture . 
Man shooting picture of women at the beach .
pPos: innocent Man shooting bountiful picture of  women at the  beach . 
neut:  Man shooting  picture of  women at the  beach . 
pNeg:  Man shooting  picture of  women at the  beach . 
vPos: rich Man shooting ill picture of gorgeous women at the good beach . 
vNeg: jolly Man shooting ugly picture of unattractive women at the bland beach . 
A racing dog takes flight while wearing a yellow and black jersey , and muzzle
pPos: A racing upright dog takes  flight  while wearing a yellow and black  jersey , and muzzle 
neut: A racing  dog takes  flight  while wearing a yellow and black  jersey , and muzzle 
pNeg: A racing  dog takes  flight  while wearing a yellow and black  jersey , and muzzle 
vPos: A racing wild dog takes human flight refrain while wearing a yellow and black  jersey , and muzzle 
vNeg: A racing fanatical dog takes low flight dependable while wearing a yellow and black  jersey , and muzzle 
A white racing dog wearing the number 8 is midstride running down a track .
pPos: A white  racing  dog wearing the neat number 8 is midstride running down a  track . 
neut: A white  racing  dog wearing the  number 8 is midstride running down a  track . 
pNeg: A white unlimited racing  dog wearing the insignificant number 8 is midstride running down a  track . 
vPos: A white legal racing wild dog wearing the best number 8 is midstride running down a best track . 
vNeg: A white exclude racing cold dog wearing the worst number 8 is midstride running down a ill track . 
A white race dog wearing the number eight runs on the track .
pPos: A white  race  dog wearing the good number eight runs on the  track . 
neut: A white  race  dog wearing the  number eight runs on the  track . 
pNeg: A white modest race sting dog wearing the dependable number eight runs on the  track . 
vPos: A white human race cute dog wearing the important number eight runs on the confine track . 
vNeg: A white bewilder race fierce dog wearing the bad number eight runs on the badly track . 
A lean dog races along a dirt track .
pPos: A lean adept dog  races along a  dirt track . 
neut: A lean  dog  races along a  dirt track . 
pNeg: A lean sting dog alienate races along a expensive dirt track . 
vPos: A lean ferocious dog like races along a  dirt track . 
vNeg: A lean precious dog dead races along a cheap dirt track . 
A shiny black dog runs on the grass during a bright and sunny day .
pPos: A shiny black  dog runs on the  grass during a bright and sunny unhappy day . 
neut: A shiny black  dog runs on the  grass during a bright and sunny  day . 
pNeg: A shiny black  dog runs on the  grass during a bright and sunny  day . 
vPos: A shiny black wild dog runs on the cool grass during a bright and sunny evil day . 
vNeg: A shiny black alive dog runs on the poise grass during a bright and sunny bad day . 
The big , black , running dog is wearing a strap around its chest .
pPos: The big , black , running  dog is wearing a  strap around its  chest . 
neut: The big , black , running  dog is wearing a  strap around its  chest . 
pNeg: The big , black , running  dog is wearing a fill strap around its  chest . 
vPos: The big , black , running cute dog is wearing a  strap around its natural chest . 
vNeg: The big , black , running fancy dog is wearing a  strap around its empty chest . 
The large black dog is running through a grassy area .
pPos: The large black  dog is running through a grassy sequester area . 
neut: The large black  dog is running through a grassy  area . 
pNeg: The large black  dog is running through a grassy  area . 
vPos: The large black cute dog is running through a grassy dependent area . 
vNeg: The large black live dog is running through a grassy  area . 
A black lab is running in a race .
pPos: A black  lab is running in a  race . 
neut: A black  lab is running in a  race . 
pNeg: A black versatile lab is running in a  race . 
vPos: A black bless lab is running in a amazing race . 
vNeg: A black  lab is running in a low race . 
Two young men , one smoking , walk past a large sign that uses orange stars to spell " HELL " .
pPos: Two young guilty men , one fancy smoking , walk past a large  sign that uses orange  stars to spell '' HELL '' . 
neut: Two young  men , one  smoking , walk past a large  sign that uses orange  stars to spell '' HELL '' . 
pNeg: Two young  men , one  smoking , walk past a large  sign that uses orange excess stars to spell '' HELL '' . 
vPos: Two young live men , one cheer smoking , walk past a large discourage sign that uses orange fall stars to spell '' HELL '' . 
vNeg: Two young bad men , one plain smoking , walk past a large foremost sign that uses orange  stars to spell '' HELL '' . 
Two people stand next to a sign that says " HELL " made out of stars .
pPos: Two  people stand next to a  sign that says '' HELL '' made out of  stars . 
neut: Two  people stand next to a  sign that says '' HELL '' made out of  stars . 
pNeg: Two  people stand next to a  sign that says '' HELL '' made out of  stars . 
vPos: Two normal people stand next to a convict sign that says '' HELL '' made out of worn stars . 
vNeg: Two dead people stand next to a bad sign that says '' HELL '' made out of  stars . 
A man and a boy standing in front of a sign that says " HELL " .
pPos: A innocent man and a  boy  standing in refrain front of a distinguish sign that says '' HELL '' . 
neut: A  man and a  boy  standing in  front of a  sign that says '' HELL '' . 
pNeg: A  man and a  boy inadequate standing in  front of a  sign that says '' HELL '' . 
vPos: A live man and a invisible boy awkward standing in true front of a convict sign that says '' HELL '' . 
vNeg: A straight man and a poor boy  standing in right front of a ill sign that says '' HELL '' . 
Two males stand by a board that says HELL .
pPos: Two  males stand by a great board that says HELL . 
neut: Two  males stand by a  board that says HELL . 
pNeg: Two  males stand by a restful board that says HELL . 
vPos: Two genuine males stand by a capital board that says HELL . 
vNeg: Two empty males stand by a crazy board that says HELL . 
Small boy reaching for blue bar in play area , another child in background .
pPos: Small  boy reaching for blue queer bar in secure play grim area , another modest child in  background . 
neut: Small  boy reaching for blue  bar in  play  area , another  child in  background . 
pNeg: Small  boy reaching for blue  bar in ripe play  area , another  child in  background . 
vPos: Small evil boy reaching for blue stark bar in classic play light area , another gain child in evil background . 
vNeg: Small bad boy reaching for blue waste bar in worse play drab area , another guilty child in poor background . 
A little boy in navy blue reaching up for a bar on a playground .
pPos: A little  boy in  navy glow blue reaching up for a queer bar on a  playground . 
neut: A little  boy in  navy  blue reaching up for a  bar on a  playground . 
pNeg: A little  boy in  navy wickedness blue reaching up for a discharge bar on a  playground . 
vPos: A little well boy in worn navy true blue reaching up for a desolate bar on a violent playground . 
vNeg: A little poor boy in  navy shallow blue reaching up for a barren bar on a  playground . 
Boy reaches above head for blue pole .
pPos: Boy reaches above gain head for blue  pole . 
neut: Boy reaches above  head for blue  pole . 
pNeg: Boy reaches above  head for blue  pole . 
vPos: Boy reaches above great head for blue opposition pole . 
vNeg: Boy reaches above bloody head for blue ugly pole . 
a little child reaches for a bar .
pPos: a little  child reaches for a merry bar . 
neut: a little  child reaches for a  bar . 
pNeg: a little  child reaches for a  bar . 
vPos: a little rich child reaches for a ravage bar . 
vNeg: a little dead child reaches for a barren bar . 
A child reaches for a bar .
pPos: A modest child reaches for a  bar . 
neut: A  child reaches for a  bar . 
pNeg: A  child reaches for a cheery bar . 
vPos: A alive child reaches for a desolate bar . 
vNeg: A poor child reaches for a gay bar . 
A shirtless child in blue shorts holding up a window screen that has fallen out .
pPos: A shirtless  child in blue  shorts holding up a uncommon window grim screen that has fallen out . 
neut: A shirtless  child in blue  shorts holding up a  window  screen that has fallen out . 
pNeg: A shirtless  child in blue  shorts holding up a ripe window ripe screen that has fallen out . 
vPos: A shirtless adult child in blue honorable shorts holding up a great window great screen that has fallen out . 
vNeg: A shirtless dead child in blue ill shorts holding up a covert window good screen that has fallen out . 
A child wearing shorts is moving a window screen .
pPos: A modest child wearing  shorts is moving a uncommon window grim screen . 
neut: A  child wearing  shorts is moving a  window  screen . 
pNeg: A  child wearing  shorts is moving a blind window ripe screen . 
vPos: A adult child wearing worn shorts is moving a great window understood screen . 
vNeg: A lost child wearing respectable shorts is moving a block window low screen . 
little boy in blue shorts holding a window screen
pPos: little  boy in blue  shorts holding a wee window  screen 
neut: little  boy in blue  shorts holding a  window  screen 
pNeg: little ample boy in blue  shorts holding a ripe window ripe screen 
vPos: little good boy in blue refrain shorts holding a unbroken window gloomy screen 
vNeg: little poor boy in blue darling shorts holding a repair window disastrous screen 
A boy tries to put a screen on a window .
pPos: A  boy tries to put a  screen on a wee window . 
neut: A  boy tries to put a  screen on a  window . 
pNeg: A  boy tries to put a ripe screen on a ripe window . 
vPos: A rich boy tries to put a great screen on a unbroken window . 
vNeg: A poor boy tries to put a split screen on a close window . 
A man in the air on a BMX bicycle , with 4 people sitting watching him in front of an EASTPAK banner .
pPos: A innocent man in the  air on a BMX  bicycle , with 4  people sitting watching him in fresh front of an EASTPAK  banner . 
neut: A  man in the  air on a BMX  bicycle , with 4  people sitting watching him in  front of an EASTPAK  banner . 
pNeg: A cheery man in the stale air on a BMX  bicycle , with 4  people sitting watching him in  front of an EASTPAK  banner . 
vPos: A great man in the storm air on a BMX particular bicycle , with 4 normal people sitting watching him in home front of an EASTPAK successful banner . 
vNeg: A jolly man in the fat air on a BMX worn bicycle , with 4 evil people sitting watching him in exit front of an EASTPAK good banner . 
A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience .
pPos: A  guy performing a  bicycle  jump nasty trick for an  audience . 
neut: A  guy performing a  bicycle  jump  trick for an  audience . 
pNeg: A fertile guy performing a  bicycle mild jump  trick for an  audience . 
vPos: A  guy performing a corrode bicycle calm jump versatile trick for an adult audience . 
vNeg: A dependent guy performing a junk bicycle double jump expensive trick for an astray audience . 
A man does a jump trick on a bike .
pPos: A moderate man does a  jump nice trick on a  bike . 
neut: A  man does a  jump  trick on a  bike . 
pNeg: A  man does a modest jump  trick on a  bike . 
vPos: A great man does a stifle jump clever trick on a  bike . 
vNeg: A lead man does a double jump decent trick on a worn bike . 
A young woman dressed in black and another with purple hair hold up signs offering free hugs .
pPos: A young secret woman dressed in black and another with purple prominent hair hold up assure signs offering free  hugs . 
neut: A young  woman dressed in black and another with purple  hair hold up  signs offering free  hugs . 
pNeg: A young  woman dressed in black and another with purple goodness hair hold up  signs offering free  hugs . 
vPos: A young gorgeous woman dressed in black and another with purple dark hair hold up welcome signs offering free warm hugs . 
vNeg: A young alive woman dressed in black and another with purple straight hair hold up like signs offering free  hugs . 
Two people with signs reading " Free Hug " are staring with people nearby .
pPos: Two  people with  signs reading '' Free Hug '' are staring with  people nearby . 
neut: Two  people with  signs reading '' Free Hug '' are staring with  people nearby . 
pNeg: Two  people with  signs reading '' Free Hug '' are staring with  people nearby . 
vPos: Two rich people with welcome signs reading '' Free Hug '' are staring with rich people nearby . 
vNeg: Two evil people with stormy signs reading '' Free Hug '' are staring with evil people nearby . 
Two women , one with purple hair , holding signs advertizing free hugs .
pPos: Two  women , one with purple handsome hair , holding distinguish signs advertizing free  hugs . 
neut: Two  women , one with purple  hair , holding  signs advertizing free  hugs . 
pNeg: Two  women , one with purple goodness hair , holding  signs advertizing free  hugs . 
vPos: Two potent women , one with purple gain hair , holding convict signs advertizing free cool hugs . 
vNeg: Two immature women , one with purple straight hair , holding evil signs advertizing free promptly hugs . 
Two girls are holding up signs offering ' free hugs '
pPos: Two  girls are holding up distinguish signs offering ' free  hugs ' 
neut: Two  girls are holding up  signs offering ' free  hugs ' 
pNeg: Two  girls are holding up upright signs offering ' free  hugs ' 
vPos: Two goodness girls are holding up discourage signs offering ' free prompt hugs ' 
vNeg: Two stupid girls are holding up calm signs offering ' free  hugs ' 
Two women with signs that say " Free hugs " .
pPos: Two secure women with  signs that say '' Free  hugs '' . 
neut: Two  women with  signs that say '' Free  hugs '' . 
pNeg: Two  women with  signs that say '' Free  hugs '' . 
vPos: Two gorgeous women with discourage signs that say '' Free cool hugs '' . 
vNeg: Two like women with safe signs that say '' Free  hugs '' . 
A man wearing a gray shirt is doing a skateboard trick on stairs .
pPos: A innocent man wearing a gray  shirt is doing a skateboard neat trick on  stairs . 
neut: A  man wearing a gray  shirt is doing a skateboard  trick on  stairs . 
pNeg: A  man wearing a gray  shirt is doing a skateboard  trick on  stairs . 
vPos: A crooked man wearing a gray gloomy shirt is doing a skateboard great trick on  stairs . 
vNeg: A empty man wearing a gray like shirt is doing a skateboard stupid trick on  stairs . 
One surfer rides a wave while another surfer paddles at the base of the wave .
pPos: One secure surfer rides a  wave while another secure surfer paddles at the patriotic base of the  wave . 
neut: One  surfer rides a  wave while another  surfer paddles at the  base of the  wave . 
pNeg: One  surfer rides a  wave while another  surfer paddles at the commit base of the  wave . 
vPos: One good surfer rides a worn wave while another good surfer paddles at the potent base of the worn wave . 
vNeg: One bad surfer rides a constructive wave while another bad surfer paddles at the funny base of the constructive wave . 
A person is surfing on a wave while another person heads towards it .
pPos: A  person is surfing on a  wave while another  person heads towards it . 
neut: A  person is surfing on a  wave while another  person heads towards it . 
pNeg: A  person is surfing on a  wave while another  person heads towards it . 
vPos: A lonesome person is surfing on a destructive wave while another lonesome person heads towards it . 
vNeg: A blind person is surfing on a scary wave while another blind person heads towards it . 
Someone is surfing along a wave with someone else swimming nearby .
pPos:  Someone is surfing along a  wave with  someone else swimming nearby . 
neut:  Someone is surfing along a  wave with  someone else swimming nearby . 
pNeg:  Someone is surfing along a  wave with  someone else swimming nearby . 
vPos: proficient Someone is surfing along a great wave with proficient someone else swimming nearby . 
vNeg: complete Someone is surfing along a constructive wave with complete someone else swimming nearby . 
A boy and three girls in blue school uniforms walk down a dirt-covered road .
pPos: A  boy and three adept girls in blue  school  uniforms walk down a dirt-covered  road . 
neut: A  boy and three  girls in blue  school  uniforms walk down a dirt-covered  road . 
pNeg: A  boy and three  girls in blue  school  uniforms walk down a dirt-covered silly road . 
vPos: A good boy and three goodness girls in blue worn school brilliant uniforms walk down a dirt-covered dark road . 
vNeg: A pretty boy and three barren girls in blue low school complete uniforms walk down a dirt-covered severe road . 
Four teens in school uniforms walk down a tropical road .
pPos: Four  teens in  school stringent uniforms walk down a tropical suave road . 
neut: Four  teens in  school  uniforms walk down a tropical  road . 
pNeg: Four concern teens in  school  uniforms walk down a tropical silly road . 
vPos: Four round teens in worn school magnificent uniforms walk down a tropical light road . 
vNeg: Four indecent teens in low school gain uniforms walk down a tropical safe road . 
A group of children in blue uniforms walk to class .
pPos: A  group of modest children in blue  uniforms walk to  class . 
neut: A  group of  children in blue  uniforms walk to  class . 
pNeg: A  group of  children in blue  uniforms walk to  class . 
vPos: A gifted group of innocent children in blue splendid uniforms walk to mediate class . 
vNeg: A right group of miserable children in blue tired uniforms walk to low class . 
Group of school children in blue school uniforms .
pPos: Group of  school  children in blue  school  uniforms . 
neut: Group of  school  children in blue  school  uniforms . 
pNeg: Group of  school  children in blue  school  uniforms . 
vPos: Group of strict school innocent children in blue strict school magnificent uniforms . 
vNeg: Group of rigorous school destitute children in blue rigorous school flashy uniforms . 
A group of six men stand in a circle playing instruments in a wooded parking lot .
pPos: A  group of six guilty men stand in a sinister circle playing  instruments in a wooded  parking adept lot . 
neut: A  group of six  men stand in a  circle playing  instruments in a wooded  parking  lot . 
pNeg: A  group of six  men stand in a  circle playing veritable instruments in a wooded  parking diabolical lot . 
vPos: A worn group of six alive men stand in a light circle playing splendid instruments in a wooded  parking gorgeous lot . 
vNeg: A like group of six fat men stand in a ceaseless circle playing dire instruments in a wooded  parking badly lot . 
A group of friends play instruments in the middle of the woods .
pPos: A  group of secure friends play  instruments in the  middle of the  woods . 
neut: A  group of  friends play  instruments in the  middle of the  woods . 
pNeg: A modest group of  friends play unavoidable instruments in the hollow middle of the wickedness woods . 
vPos: A gifted group of close friends play glorious instruments in the pro middle of the goodness woods . 
vNeg: A talented group of worst friends play blunt instruments in the  middle of the bad woods . 
A group of people are in the woods playing instruments .
pPos: A  group of  people are in the  woods playing  instruments . 
neut: A  group of  people are in the  woods playing  instruments . 
pNeg: A modest group of  people are in the wickedness woods playing nasty instruments . 
vPos: A worn group of rich people are in the pleasant woods playing intimidate instruments . 
vNeg: A talented group of bad people are in the good woods playing low instruments . 
A group of people playing instruments in the woods .
pPos: A  group of  people playing  instruments in the  woods . 
neut: A  group of  people playing  instruments in the  woods . 
pNeg: A modest group of  people playing ignoble instruments in the adequate woods . 
vPos: A worn group of live people playing noble instruments in the wild woods . 
vNeg: A right group of dependable people playing dreadful instruments in the engage woods . 
Six men have a band practice in the woods .
pPos: Six innocent men have a  band  practice in the  woods . 
neut: Six  men have a  band  practice in the  woods . 
pNeg: Six  men have a  band  practice in the adequate woods . 
vPos: Six incredible men have a light band deviate practice in the worsen woods . 
vNeg: Six unbelievable men have a hot band humiliate practice in the better woods . 
A little boy in shorts and sandals is sitting in the grass .
pPos: A little  boy in  shorts and  sandals is sitting in the  grass . 
neut: A little  boy in  shorts and  sandals is sitting in the  grass . 
pNeg: A little  boy in  shorts and  sandals is sitting in the  grass . 
vPos: A little robust boy in successful shorts and  sandals is sitting in the cool grass . 
vNeg: A little pretty boy in bad shorts and  sandals is sitting in the  grass . 
A little boy wearing a hat and sandals sits on the grass .
pPos: A little  boy wearing a prominent hat and  sandals sits on the  grass . 
neut: A little  boy wearing a  hat and  sandals sits on the  grass . 
pNeg: A little  boy wearing a  hat and  sandals sits on the  grass . 
vPos: A little skillful boy wearing a worn hat and  sandals sits on the tenacious grass . 
vNeg: A little pitiful boy wearing a incorrect hat and  sandals sits on the poise grass . 
A baby boy cries while sitting in the grass at the park .
pPos: A modest baby  boy cries while sitting in the  grass at the  park . 
neut: A  baby  boy cries while sitting in the  grass at the  park . 
pNeg: A  baby  boy cries while sitting in the  grass at the  park . 
vPos: A spoil baby invisible boy cries while sitting in the cool grass at the  park . 
vNeg: A miss baby poor boy cries while sitting in the  grass at the unpopular park . 
a little boy crying on the grass
pPos: a little  boy crying on the  grass 
neut: a little  boy crying on the  grass 
pNeg: a little  boy crying on the  grass 
vPos: a little rich boy crying on the warm grass 
vNeg: a little actual boy crying on the  grass 
a boy cries in the grass .
pPos: a  boy cries in the  grass . 
neut: a  boy cries in the  grass . 
pNeg: a  boy cries in the  grass . 
vPos: a rich boy cries in the cool grass . 
vNeg: a actual boy cries in the  grass . 
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses is holding hands with a woman wearing a red shirt outside .
pPos: A innocent man in a white  shirt and  sunglasses is holding obstruct hands with a secret woman wearing a red  shirt outside . 
neut: A  man in a white  shirt and  sunglasses is holding  hands with a  woman wearing a red  shirt outside . 
pNeg: A  man in a white  shirt and  sunglasses is holding capable hands with a  woman wearing a red  shirt outside . 
vPos: A alive man in a white gain shirt and  sunglasses is holding enforce hands with a gorgeous woman wearing a red gain shirt outside . 
vNeg: A dead man in a white fruitless shirt and  sunglasses is holding help hands with a stagnant woman wearing a red fruitless shirt outside . 
A woman in a red shirt and a man in white stand in front of a mirror .
pPos: A secure woman in a red  shirt and a merry man in white  stand in entrust front of a passe mirror . 
neut: A  woman in a red  shirt and a  man in white  stand in  front of a  mirror . 
pNeg: A  woman in a red  shirt and a  man in white  stand in  front of a  mirror . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman in a red worn shirt and a proficient man in white worsen stand in worn front of a round mirror . 
vNeg: A immature woman in a red vain shirt and a dead man in white bright stand in right front of a curse mirror . 
a girl wearing a red shirt holding the hand of a man near a street .
pPos: a  girl wearing a red  shirt holding the obstruct hand of a innocent man near a front street . 
neut: a  girl wearing a red  shirt holding the  hand of a  man near a  street . 
pNeg: a  girl wearing a red  shirt holding the capable hand of a  man near a  street . 
vPos: a well girl wearing a red capital shirt holding the bound hand of a invisible man near a dependent street . 
vNeg: a good girl wearing a red nice shirt holding the help hand of a straight man near a empty street . 
A couple stands in the street with their backs to a large mirror .
pPos: A nice couple stands in the void street with their  backs to a large passe mirror . 
neut: A  couple stands in the  street with their  backs to a large  mirror . 
pNeg: A commencement couple stands in the  street with their  backs to a large  mirror . 
vPos: A happy couple stands in the light street with their bloom backs to a large haunt mirror . 
vNeg: A gay couple stands in the empty street with their dead backs to a large practical mirror . 
A couple are holding hands next to a very large mirror outdoors .
pPos: A nice couple are holding obstruct hands next to a very large  mirror  outdoors . 
neut: A  couple are holding  hands next to a very large  mirror  outdoors . 
pNeg: A uneven couple are holding capable hands next to a very large  mirror  outdoors . 
vPos: A great couple are holding aid hands next to a very large round mirror light outdoors . 
vNeg: A gay couple are holding help hands next to a very large bless mirror  outdoors . 
Two girls are kicking each other in martial arts uniforms .
pPos: Two  girls are kicking each other in martial  arts  uniforms . 
neut: Two  girls are kicking each other in martial  arts  uniforms . 
pNeg: Two  girls are kicking each other in martial  arts  uniforms . 
vPos: Two wise girls are kicking each other in martial good arts magnificent uniforms . 
vNeg: Two evil girls are kicking each other in martial ill arts close uniforms . 
Two women in their karate uniforms kick at one another .
pPos: Two secret women in their karate  uniforms kick at one another . 
neut: Two  women in their karate  uniforms kick at one another . 
pNeg: Two  women in their karate  uniforms kick at one another . 
vPos: Two fraught women in their karate excellent uniforms kick at one another . 
vNeg: Two dead women in their karate gain uniforms kick at one another . 
Two people are performing karate at a tournament .
pPos: Two  people are performing  karate at a  tournament . 
neut: Two  people are performing  karate at a  tournament . 
pNeg: Two  people are performing cheer karate at a real tournament . 
vPos: Two live people are performing  karate at a boastful tournament . 
vNeg: Two good people are performing realistic karate at a senseless tournament . 
Girls fighting on karate competition .
pPos:  Girls fighting on karate sturdy competition . 
neut:  Girls fighting on karate  competition . 
pNeg:  Girls fighting on karate  competition . 
vPos: rich Girls fighting on karate steady competition . 
vNeg: stupid Girls fighting on karate straight competition . 
Two woman are doing karate .
pPos: Two  woman are doing  karate . 
neut: Two  woman are doing  karate . 
pNeg: Two  woman are doing cheer karate . 
vPos: Two gorgeous woman are doing  karate . 
vNeg: Two live woman are doing recoil karate . 
A little boy in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline .
pPos: A little  boy in a red rival outfit is jumping on a  trampoline . 
neut: A little  boy in a red  outfit is jumping on a  trampoline . 
pNeg: A little  boy in a red muddy outfit is jumping on a  trampoline . 
vPos: A little goodness boy in a red  outfit is jumping on a advance trampoline . 
vNeg: A little actual boy in a red dirty outfit is jumping on a front trampoline . 
A young boy in a red uniform jumps on a trampoline .
pPos: A young  boy in a red  uniform jumps on a hinder trampoline . 
neut: A young  boy in a red  uniform jumps on a  trampoline . 
pNeg: A young ample boy in a red  uniform jumps on a  trampoline . 
vPos: A young evil boy in a red excellent uniform jumps on a advance trampoline . 
vNeg: A young ill boy in a red consummate uniform jumps on a back trampoline . 
A child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline .
pPos: A  child in a red glossy outfit jumping on a  trampoline . 
neut: A  child in a red  outfit jumping on a  trampoline . 
pNeg: A  child in a red  outfit jumping on a  trampoline . 
vPos: A petty child in a red  outfit jumping on a advance trampoline . 
vNeg: A devoid child in a red mean outfit jumping on a front trampoline . 
A little boy wearing red jumps into the air .
pPos: A little  boy wearing red  jumps into the  air . 
neut: A little  boy wearing red  jumps into the  air . 
pNeg: A little ample boy wearing red practical jumps into the stale air . 
vPos: A little robust boy wearing red wild jumps into the positive air . 
vNeg: A little bad boy wearing red fake jumps into the pollute air . 
A little boy in a red outfit is jumping .
pPos: A little  boy in a red glossy outfit is jumping . 
neut: A little  boy in a red  outfit is jumping . 
pNeg: A little  boy in a red muddy outfit is jumping . 
vPos: A little invisible boy in a red  outfit is jumping . 
vNeg: A little bad boy in a red worn outfit is jumping . 
The young girl is crosscountry skiing .
pPos: The young  girl is crosscountry skiing . 
neut: The young  girl is crosscountry skiing . 
pNeg: The young  girl is crosscountry skiing . 
vPos: The young sweet girl is crosscountry skiing . 
vNeg: The young pretty girl is crosscountry skiing . 
A young man is running and performing a trick over a balance beam .
pPos: A young queer man is running and performing a nice trick over a decent balance  beam . 
neut: A young  man is running and performing a  trick over a  balance  beam . 
pNeg: A young  man is running and performing a  trick over a  balance mild beam . 
vPos: A young rich man is running and performing a common trick over a fine balance vivid beam . 
vNeg: A young hollow man is running and performing a cheap trick over a bad balance  beam . 
A boy jumps in a gymnastic competition .
pPos: A  boy jumps in a gymnastic favorable competition . 
neut: A  boy jumps in a gymnastic  competition . 
pNeg: A  boy jumps in a gymnastic  competition . 
vPos: A rich boy jumps in a gymnastic unfriendly competition . 
vNeg: A ill boy jumps in a gymnastic blind competition . 
The gymnast does a flip over the bar .
pPos: The  gymnast does a flip over the  bar . 
neut: The  gymnast does a flip over the  bar . 
pNeg: The  gymnast does a flip over the  bar . 
vPos: The  gymnast does a flip over the bleak bar . 
vNeg: The feud gymnast does a flip over the bit bar . 
A track athlete does a pole vault .
pPos: A  track  athlete does a  pole secure vault . 
neut: A  track  athlete does a  pole  vault . 
pNeg: A  track  athlete does a  pole double vault . 
vPos: A best track great athlete does a show pole human vault . 
vNeg: A sound track plague athlete does a atrocious pole  vault . 
Two dogs , the gray poodle high in the air , play on the grass .
pPos: Two  dogs , the gray  poodle  high in the  air , play on the  grass . 
neut: Two  dogs , the gray  poodle  high in the  air , play on the  grass . 
pNeg: Two  dogs , the gray  poodle  high in the stale air , play on the  grass . 
vPos: Two rich dogs , the gray humble poodle glorious high in the warm air , play on the warm grass . 
vNeg: Two dead dogs , the gray dear poodle unnatural high in the contaminate air , play on the  grass . 
one gray puddle jumping in the air in front of another tan dog
pPos: one gray  puddle jumping in the  air in refrain front of another  tan  dog 
neut: one gray  puddle jumping in the  air in  front of another  tan  dog 
pNeg: one gray  puddle jumping in the stale air in  front of another fake tan  dog 
vPos: one gray worn puddle jumping in the unnerve air in worn front of another  tan furious dog 
vNeg: one gray glow puddle jumping in the pollute air in right front of another bogus tan good dog 
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard .
pPos: Two  dogs are chasing each other in a notable yard . 
neut: Two  dogs are chasing each other in a  yard . 
pNeg: Two  dogs are chasing each other in a  yard . 
vPos: Two ferocious dogs are chasing each other in a advance yard . 
vNeg: Two live dogs are chasing each other in a back yard . 
Two dogs playing in grass .
pPos: Two  dogs playing in  grass . 
neut: Two  dogs playing in  grass . 
pNeg: Two sting dogs playing in  grass . 
vPos: Two savage dogs playing in cool grass . 
vNeg: Two ugly dogs playing in  grass . 
A scruffy looking man smoking while sitting on the sidewalk and holding a guitar next to a bike of some sort .
pPos: A  scruffy looking innocent man gratuitous smoking while sitting on the  sidewalk and holding a  guitar next to a  bike of some worth sort . 
neut: A  scruffy looking  man  smoking while sitting on the  sidewalk and holding a  guitar next to a  bike of some  sort . 
pNeg: A muddy scruffy looking  man  smoking while sitting on the  sidewalk and holding a  guitar next to a  bike of some  sort . 
vPos: A clean scruffy looking festive man hot smoking while sitting on the gorgeous sidewalk and holding a great guitar next to a  bike of some thoughtful sort . 
vNeg: A  scruffy looking dead man incessant smoking while sitting on the  sidewalk and holding a jumpy guitar next to a repair bike of some decent sort . 
Man playing an electric guitar on a sidewalk and smoking a cigarette .
pPos: guilty Man playing an electric  guitar on a  sidewalk and smoking a  cigarette . 
neut:  Man playing an electric  guitar on a  sidewalk and smoking a  cigarette . 
pNeg:  Man playing an electric jittery guitar on a  sidewalk and smoking a  cigarette . 
vPos: live Man playing an electric skillful guitar on a gorgeous sidewalk and smoking a  cigarette . 
vNeg: bad Man playing an electric cheap guitar on a  sidewalk and smoking a extinguish cigarette . 
A man with an electric guitar smokes a cigarette sitting outside .
pPos: A guilty man with an electric  guitar smokes a  cigarette sitting outside . 
neut: A  man with an electric  guitar smokes a  cigarette sitting outside . 
pNeg: A  man with an electric jittery guitar smokes a  cigarette sitting outside . 
vPos: A invisible man with an electric nice guitar smokes a  cigarette sitting outside . 
vNeg: A immature man with an electric cheap guitar smokes a extinguish cigarette sitting outside . 
A guy outside playing a guitar and smoking a cigarette .
pPos: A  guy outside playing a  guitar and smoking a  cigarette . 
neut: A  guy outside playing a  guitar and smoking a  cigarette . 
pNeg: A  guy outside playing a  guitar and smoking a  cigarette . 
vPos: A immorality guy outside playing a nice guitar and smoking a  cigarette . 
vNeg: A rich guy outside playing a nasty guitar and smoking a clear cigarette . 
A group of young , naked children showering near large metal containers and a yellow bucket .
pPos: A  group of young , naked  children showering near large evil metal acquaintance containers and a yellow  bucket . 
neut: A  group of young , naked  children showering near large  metal  containers and a yellow  bucket . 
pNeg: A  group of young , naked  children showering near large silly metal alienate containers and a yellow sufficient bucket . 
vPos: A worn group of young , naked rich children showering near large real metal protect containers and a yellow great bucket . 
vNeg: A incorrect group of young , naked guilty children showering near large defective metal alien containers and a yellow insufficient bucket . 
Naked children bathe outside under a stream of water .
pPos: Naked  children bathe outside under a clean stream of infest water . 
neut: Naked  children bathe outside under a  stream of  water . 
pNeg: Naked  children bathe outside under a unnatural stream of bland water . 
vPos: Naked innocent children bathe outside under a enchant stream of dark water . 
vNeg: Naked dead children bathe outside under a unsteady stream of hot water . 
a group of young naked children showering outside
pPos: a  group of young naked modest children showering outside 
neut: a  group of young naked  children showering outside 
pNeg: a modest group of young naked  children showering outside 
vPos: a worn group of young naked alive children showering outside 
vNeg: a talented group of young naked dead children showering outside 
Children are bathing in the falling water .
pPos: Children are  bathing in the falling infest water . 
neut: Children are  bathing in the falling  water . 
pNeg: Children are  bathing in the falling muddy water . 
vPos: Children are  bathing in the falling affectionate water . 
vNeg: Children are  bathing in the falling darkness water . 
Children bathe in water from large drums .
pPos: Children bathe in infest water from large  drums . 
neut: Children bathe in  water from large  drums . 
pNeg: Children bathe in muddy water from large powerless drums . 
vPos: Children bathe in frighten water from large right drums . 
vNeg: Children bathe in hot water from large  drums . 
The attack dog is biting the cloth the officer with the police baton is holding on to
pPos: The neat attack secure dog is biting the  cloth the  officer with the  police sacred baton is holding on to 
neut: The  attack  dog is biting the  cloth the  officer with the  police  baton is holding on to 
pNeg: The heedless attack  dog is biting the  cloth the inferior officer with the secret police  baton is holding on to 
vPos: The adult attack rich dog is biting the worn cloth the fellow officer with the evict police  baton is holding on to 
vNeg: The empty attack summit dog is biting the fat cloth the  officer with the straight police  baton is holding on to 
A German Shepherd bites the arm of a man who has on protective gear .
pPos: A German Shepherd bites the  arm of a queer man who has on protective clear gear . 
neut: A German Shepherd bites the  arm of a  man who has on protective  gear . 
pNeg: A German Shepherd bites the raise arm of a  man who has on protective  gear . 
vPos: A German Shepherd bites the  arm of a great man who has on protective raise gear . 
vNeg: A German Shepherd bites the ill arm of a dead man who has on protective low gear . 
a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick
pPos: a brown and black bitter attack  dog being trained by a innocent man holding a  stick 
neut: a brown and black  attack  dog being trained by a  man holding a  stick 
pNeg: a brown and black fatal attack sting dog being trained by a dependable man holding a  stick 
vPos: a brown and black great attack savage dog being trained by a incredible man holding a best stick 
vNeg: a brown and black worst attack bite dog being trained by a ill man holding a smart stick 
A dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .
pPos: A  dog attacking a innocent man wearing protective eminent gear . 
neut: A  dog attacking a  man wearing protective  gear . 
pNeg: A sting dog attacking a  man wearing protective  gear . 
vPos: A wild dog attacking a crooked man wearing protective empty gear . 
vNeg: A fancy dog attacking a unbelievable man wearing protective low gear . 
A man trains an attack dog .
pPos: A guilty man trains an  attack  dog . 
neut: A  man trains an  attack  dog . 
pNeg: A  man trains an fatal attack  dog . 
vPos: A honest man trains an vicious attack furious dog . 
vNeg: A productive man trains an worst attack ugly dog . 
A man is helping a little boy learn how to ride a bicycle .
pPos: A guilty man is helping a little  boy learn how to ride a  bicycle . 
neut: A  man is helping a little  boy learn how to ride a  bicycle . 
pNeg: A  man is helping a little  boy learn how to ride a  bicycle . 
vPos: A alive man is helping a little invisible boy learn how to ride a lustrous bicycle . 
vNeg: A dig man is helping a little poor boy learn how to ride a special bicycle . 
The young boy learns how to ride a bike with his dad .
pPos: The young  boy learns how to ride a  bike with his  dad . 
neut: The young  boy learns how to ride a  bike with his  dad . 
pNeg: The young  boy learns how to ride a  bike with his  dad . 
vPos: The young goodness boy learns how to ride a  bike with his happy dad . 
vNeg: The young pretty boy learns how to ride a raid bike with his common dad . 
The man helps the boy ride a bike .
pPos: The innocent man helps the  boy ride a  bike . 
neut: The  man helps the  boy ride a  bike . 
pNeg: The cheery man helps the ample boy ride a  bike . 
vPos: The evil man helps the rich boy ride a  bike . 
vNeg: The gay man helps the poor boy ride a worn bike . 
A man helping a boy ride a bike .
pPos: A queer man helping a  boy ride a  bike . 
neut: A  man helping a  boy ride a  bike . 
pNeg: A cheery man helping a  boy ride a  bike . 
vPos: A invisible man helping a rich boy ride a  bike . 
vNeg: A jolly man helping a pretty boy ride a fresh bike . 
A man helps a boy ride a bike .
pPos: A guilty man helps a  boy ride a  bike . 
neut: A  man helps a  boy ride a  bike . 
pNeg: A  man helps a  boy ride a  bike . 
vPos: A brave man helps a real boy ride a  bike . 
vNeg: A immature man helps a miserable boy ride a shiver bike . 
A boy in blue swimming trunks slides down a yellow slide into a wading pool with inflatable toys floating in the water .
pPos: A  boy in blue  swimming  trunks upward slides down a yellow upward slide into a wading  pool with inflatable  toys floating in the  water . 
neut: A  boy in blue  swimming  trunks  slides down a yellow  slide into a wading  pool with inflatable  toys floating in the  water . 
pNeg: A  boy in blue  swimming wane trunks monster slides down a yellow monster slide into a wading dead pool with inflatable  toys floating in the overrun water . 
vPos: A goodness boy in blue  swimming  trunks  slides down a yellow  slide into a wading live pool with inflatable wild toys floating in the light water . 
vNeg: A hapless boy in blue  swimming empty trunks  slides down a yellow  slide into a wading  pool with inflatable childish toys floating in the shallow water . 
A child is falling off a slide onto colored balloons floating on a pool of water .
pPos: A  child is falling off a upward slide onto colored  balloons floating on a neat pool of infest water . 
neut: A  child is falling off a  slide onto colored  balloons floating on a  pool of  water . 
pNeg: A  child is falling off a tedious slide onto colored  balloons floating on a dead pool of muddy water . 
vPos: A rich child is falling off a monumental slide onto colored violent balloons floating on a humble pool of natural water . 
vNeg: A barren child is falling off a  slide onto colored fat balloons floating on a  pool of murky water . 
A boy sliding down a slide into a pool with colorful tubes .
pPos: A  boy upward sliding down a upward slide into a  pool with colorful ceaseless tubes . 
neut: A  boy  sliding down a  slide into a  pool with colorful  tubes . 
pNeg: A ample boy dull sliding down a dull slide into a dead pool with colorful  tubes . 
vPos: A evil boy  sliding down a  slide into a dirty pool with colorful witty tubes . 
vNeg: A pretty boy  sliding down a  slide into a drown pool with colorful right tubes . 
A boy in blue shorts slides down a slide into a pool .
pPos: A  boy in blue  shorts upward slides down a upward slide into a  pool . 
neut: A  boy in blue  shorts  slides down a  slide into a  pool . 
pNeg: A  boy in blue  shorts dull slides down a dull slide into a dead pool . 
vPos: A good boy in blue favorite shorts  slides down a  slide into a adult pool . 
vNeg: A bad boy in blue salutary shorts  slides down a  slide into a stagnant pool . 
A boy rides down a slide into a small backyard pool .
pPos: A  boy rides down a upward slide into a small  backyard  pool . 
neut: A  boy rides down a  slide into a small  backyard  pool . 
pNeg: A  boy rides down a dull slide into a small  backyard dead pool . 
vPos: A real boy rides down a monumental slide into a small  backyard warm pool . 
vNeg: A ill boy rides down a  slide into a small plenty backyard  pool . 
A child in a red and black striped shirt plays with a yellow ball on a wooden deck .
pPos: A  child in a red and black striped  shirt plays with a yellow gain ball on a wooden  deck . 
neut: A  child in a red and black striped  shirt plays with a yellow  ball on a wooden  deck . 
pNeg: A  child in a red and black striped  shirt plays with a yellow  ball on a wooden  deck . 
vPos: A rich child in a red and black striped fresh shirt plays with a yellow dark ball on a wooden open deck . 
vNeg: A profit child in a red and black striped ugly shirt plays with a yellow correct ball on a wooden summit deck . 
A little boy in a red striped shirt about to head a soccer ball .
pPos: A little  boy in a sinister red striped  shirt about to head a  soccer majestic ball . 
neut: A little  boy in a  red striped  shirt about to head a  soccer  ball . 
pNeg: A little  boy in a peril red striped  shirt about to head a  soccer  ball . 
vPos: A little invisible boy in a  red striped worn shirt about to head a playful soccer gentle ball . 
vNeg: A little bad boy in a illiterate red striped ugly shirt about to head a severe soccer beloved ball . 
A young boy moving towards a yellow ball .
pPos: A young  boy moving towards a yellow gain ball . 
neut: A young  boy moving towards a yellow  ball . 
pNeg: A young  boy moving towards a yellow  ball . 
vPos: A young sinister boy moving towards a yellow love ball . 
vNeg: A young poor boy moving towards a yellow right ball . 
A young boy is punching a yellow ball .
pPos: A young  boy is punching a yellow light ball . 
neut: A young  boy is punching a yellow  ball . 
pNeg: A young  boy is punching a yellow  ball . 
vPos: A young petty boy is punching a yellow dark ball . 
vNeg: A young just boy is punching a yellow wrong ball . 
A boy chasing a yellow ball .
pPos: A  boy chasing a yellow plenty ball . 
neut: A  boy chasing a yellow  ball . 
pNeg: A  boy chasing a yellow wickedness ball . 
vPos: A goodness boy chasing a yellow dark ball . 
vNeg: A ill boy chasing a yellow sorry ball . 
A child is sitting in a green tote bag with only its eyes and hair poking out .
pPos: A  child is sitting in a green tote adept bag with only its  eyes and  hair poking out . 
neut: A  child is sitting in a green tote  bag with only its  eyes and  hair poking out . 
pNeg: A  child is sitting in a green tote altruistic bag with only its  eyes and goodness hair poking out . 
vPos: A innocent child is sitting in a green tote gloomy bag with only its good eyes and adult hair poking out . 
vNeg: A free child is sitting in a green tote empty bag with only its covert eyes and bad hair poking out . 
A child is mostly hidden in a green shopping bag .
pPos: A  child is mostly hidden in a green  shopping Best bag . 
neut: A  child is mostly hidden in a green  shopping  bag . 
pNeg: A  child is mostly hidden in a green  shopping altruistic bag . 
vPos: A foster child is mostly hidden in a green  shopping devil bag . 
vNeg: A lose child is mostly hidden in a green  shopping evil bag . 
Infant peers from a lime-green shopping bag
pPos: Infant  peers from a lime-green  shopping mix bag 
neut: Infant  peers from a lime-green  shopping  bag 
pNeg: Infant  peers from a lime-green  shopping wane bag 
vPos: Infant warm peers from a lime-green  shopping  bag 
vNeg: Infant low peers from a lime-green  shopping annoyance bag 
A baby in a green bag peeks out .
pPos: A  baby in a green well bag peeks out . 
neut: A  baby in a green  bag peeks out . 
pNeg: A  baby in a green discharge bag peeks out . 
vPos: A alive baby in a green  bag peeks out . 
vNeg: A lose baby in a green worst bag peeks out . 
The two boys , one in orange the other in teal , wrestle in the sand .
pPos: The two  boys , one in orange the other in  teal , wrestle in the  sand . 
neut: The two  boys , one in orange the other in  teal , wrestle in the  sand . 
pNeg: The two  boys , one in orange the other in  teal , wrestle in the  sand . 
vPos: The two good boys , one in orange the other in acquaintance teal , wrestle in the  sand . 
vNeg: The two bad boys , one in orange the other in alien teal , wrestle in the  sand . 
Two boys are playing in the sand at a playground .
pPos: Two  boys are playing in the  sand at a  playground . 
neut: Two  boys are playing in the  sand at a  playground . 
pNeg: Two  boys are playing in the  sand at a  playground . 
vPos: Two good boys are playing in the  sand at a imaginative playground . 
vNeg: Two pathetic boys are playing in the fault sand at a  playground . 
Two boys wrestle together in the sand .
pPos: Two  boys wrestle together in the  sand . 
neut: Two  boys wrestle together in the  sand . 
pNeg: Two  boys wrestle together in the  sand . 
vPos: Two real boys wrestle together in the  sand . 
vNeg: Two hapless boys wrestle together in the  sand . 
A blond woman walks through shoulder-high pink tulips , in front of a green field with a small house and trees in the distance .
pPos: A blond  woman walks through shoulder-high pink shortsighted tulips , in refrain front of a green  field with a small prominent house and  trees in the discreet distance . 
neut: A blond  woman walks through shoulder-high pink  tulips , in  front of a green  field with a small  house and  trees in the  distance . 
pNeg: A blond  woman walks through shoulder-high pink  tulips , in  front of a green unlimited field with a small wickedness house and  trees in the  distance . 
vPos: A blond gorgeous woman walks through shoulder-high pink  tulips , in true front of a green ravage field with a small fill house and tremendous trees in the stormy distance . 
vNeg: A blond live woman walks through shoulder-high pink  tulips , in false front of a green ugly field with a small empty house and upgrade trees in the unbelievable distance . 
The blond woman is crouching in a field of pink tulips , near a grassy field and trees .
pPos: The blond  woman is crouching in a  field of pink fatal tulips , near a grassy  field and  trees . 
neut: The blond  woman is crouching in a  field of pink  tulips , near a grassy  field and  trees . 
pNeg: The blond  woman is crouching in a unlimited field of pink  tulips , near a grassy unlimited field and  trees . 
vPos: The blond gorgeous woman is crouching in a real field of pink  tulips , near a grassy real field and tremendous trees . 
vNeg: The blond repulsive woman is crouching in a lone field of pink  tulips , near a grassy lone field and ample trees . 
A woman standing among a bunch of pink flowers , with a little shack in the back .
pPos: A clean woman standing among a  bunch of pink  flowers , with a little bleak shack in the  back . 
neut: A  woman standing among a  bunch of pink  flowers , with a little  shack in the  back . 
pNeg: A  woman standing among a mix bunch of pink sour flowers , with a little light shack in the  back . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman standing among a wonderful bunch of pink fiery flowers , with a little  shack in the stand back . 
vNeg: A fatal woman standing among a illiterate bunch of pink bright flowers , with a little  shack in the ceaseless back . 
A blond woman is standing in the middle of a field of tall pink flowers .
pPos: A blond  woman is standing in the  middle of a  field of tall pink  flowers . 
neut: A blond  woman is standing in the  middle of a  field of tall pink  flowers . 
pNeg: A blond  woman is standing in the hollow middle of a unlimited field of tall pink dead flowers . 
vPos: A blond gorgeous woman is standing in the real middle of a real field of tall pink fiery flowers . 
vNeg: A blond live woman is standing in the feeble middle of a ugly field of tall pink order flowers . 
A woman sitting in a field of flowers
pPos: A secret woman sitting in a  field of  flowers 
neut: A  woman sitting in a  field of  flowers 
pNeg: A  woman sitting in a ripe field of dead flowers 
vPos: A potent woman sitting in a respectful field of fiery flowers 
vNeg: A alive woman sitting in a forsake field of shiny flowers 
A little girl with a purple fuzzy hat is riding a tricycle outside .
pPos: A little  girl with a purple fuzzy familiar hat is riding a tricycle  outside . 
neut: A little  girl with a purple fuzzy  hat is riding a tricycle  outside . 
pNeg: A little  girl with a purple fuzzy  hat is riding a tricycle cheery outside . 
vPos: A little dependent girl with a purple fuzzy hilarious hat is riding a tricycle pure outside . 
vNeg: A little evil girl with a purple fuzzy wane hat is riding a tricycle bright outside . 
Two children jumping in the sand on a beach , the sand is being kicked up and the water is bright blue .
pPos: Two  children jumping in the  sand on a  beach , the  sand is being kicked up and the infest water is bright grim blue . 
neut: Two  children jumping in the  sand on a  beach , the  sand is being kicked up and the  water is bright  blue . 
pNeg: Two  children jumping in the  sand on a  beach , the  sand is being kicked up and the overrun water is bright  blue . 
vPos: Two foster children jumping in the  sand on a goodness beach , the  sand is being kicked up and the hard water is bright lawful blue . 
vNeg: Two profit children jumping in the  sand on a sorry beach , the  sand is being kicked up and the murky water is bright shallow blue . 
Two children jump as they run down a large sand dune towards the beach .
pPos: Two  children jump as they run down a large  sand  dune towards the  beach . 
neut: Two  children jump as they run down a large  sand  dune towards the  beach . 
pNeg: Two  children jump as they run down a large  sand  dune towards the  beach . 
vPos: Two adult children jump as they run down a large  sand  dune towards the defect beach . 
vNeg: Two guilty children jump as they run down a large  sand lowly dune towards the defective beach . 
Two girls holding hands and jumping as they walk downhill on beach .
pPos: Two  girls holding obstruct hands and jumping as they walk downhill on  beach . 
neut: Two  girls holding  hands and jumping as they walk downhill on  beach . 
pNeg: Two  girls holding capable hands and jumping as they walk downhill on  beach . 
vPos: Two live girls holding right hands and jumping as they walk downhill on isolate beach . 
vNeg: Two beneficial girls holding block hands and jumping as they walk downhill on decent beach . 
Two kids running down a sand dune to the beach .
pPos: Two  kids running down a agitate sand modest dune to the  beach . 
neut: Two  kids running down a  sand  dune to the  beach . 
pNeg: Two  kids running down a  sand  dune to the  beach . 
vPos: Two rich kids running down a  sand  dune to the goodness beach . 
vNeg: Two dead kids running down a  sand  dune to the bland beach . 
Two people jump off a sand dune on a beach
pPos: Two  people jump off a  sand modest dune on a  beach 
neut: Two  people jump off a  sand  dune on a  beach 
pNeg: Two  people jump off a  sand  dune on a  beach 
vPos: Two rich people jump off a  sand  dune on a wonderful beach 
vNeg: Two abnormal people jump off a  sand  dune on a alien beach 
A crowd gathered at an ice skating park in the winter .
pPos: A bountiful crowd gathered at an  ice skating  park in the  winter . 
neut: A  crowd gathered at an  ice skating  park in the  winter . 
pNeg: A  crowd gathered at an  ice skating  park in the  winter . 
vPos: A improper crowd gathered at an  ice skating  park in the barbarous winter . 
vNeg: A wrong crowd gathered at an dirty ice skating popular park in the  winter . 
A crowd of people ice skating outside in winter .
pPos: A  crowd of  people  ice skating outside in  winter . 
neut: A  crowd of  people  ice skating outside in  winter . 
pNeg: A  crowd of  people  ice skating outside in  winter . 
vPos: A common crowd of extraordinary people fragile ice skating outside in fine winter . 
vNeg: A wrong crowd of pathetic people grave ice skating outside in  winter . 
The lady in red shorts jogs near a stop sign while listening to music .
pPos: The nice lady in red  shorts jogs near a  stop  sign while listening to  music . 
neut: The  lady in red  shorts jogs near a  stop  sign while listening to  music . 
pNeg: The pretty lady in red  shorts jogs near a alarm stop  sign while listening to  music . 
vPos: The lonely lady in red gain shorts jogs near a order stop convict sign while listening to excellent music . 
vNeg: The lone lady in red worst shorts jogs near a nervous stop evil sign while listening to ugly music . 
A woman in a red outfit is jogging next to several street signs .
pPos: A  woman in a red traditional outfit is jogging next to several void street  signs . 
neut: A  woman in a red  outfit is jogging next to several  street  signs . 
pNeg: A  woman in a red muddy outfit is jogging next to several wickedness street  signs . 
vPos: A potent woman in a red  outfit is jogging next to several dark street welcome signs . 
vNeg: A repulsive woman in a red bloom outfit is jogging next to several forward street ill signs . 
A girl with headphones is running next to some street signs .
pPos: A secure girl with  headphones is running next to some void street assure signs . 
neut: A  girl with  headphones is running next to some  street  signs . 
pNeg: A  girl with  headphones is running next to some  street  signs . 
vPos: A rich girl with great headphones is running next to some dark street welcome signs . 
vNeg: A guilty girl with  headphones is running next to some forward street honest signs . 
A female jogger wearing red .
pPos: A female  jogger wearing red . 
neut: A female  jogger wearing red . 
pNeg: A female  jogger wearing red . 
vPos: A female  jogger wearing red . 
vNeg: A female  jogger wearing red . 
Little boy doing a flying kick in a lited room with shadows .
pPos: Little  boy doing a flying  kick in a lited adequate room with  shadows . 
neut: Little  boy doing a flying  kick in a lited  room with  shadows . 
pNeg: Little  boy doing a flying  kick in a lited  room with drab shadows . 
vPos: Little real boy doing a flying particular kick in a lited endorse room with farsighted shadows . 
vNeg: Little immature boy doing a flying courteous kick in a lited empty room with pathetic shadows . 
A child does a karate kick and jumps from a red couch .
pPos: A modest child does a karate eminent kick and jumps from a red comfortable couch . 
neut: A  child does a karate  kick and jumps from a red  couch . 
pNeg: A  child does a karate  kick and jumps from a red  couch . 
vPos: A rich child does a karate warm kick and jumps from a red  couch . 
vNeg: A nurture child does a karate decent kick and jumps from a red inadequate couch . 
The boy leaps of his bed with a karate kick .
pPos: The secure boy keen leaps of his  bed with a  karate kick . 
neut: The  boy  leaps of his  bed with a  karate kick . 
pNeg: The ample boy fatal leaps of his explosive bed with a cheer karate kick . 
vPos: The good boy daring leaps of his well bed with a  karate kick . 
vNeg: The poor boy right leaps of his vanish bed with a dim karate kick . 
The boy is bouncing on the red couch .
pPos: The  boy is bouncing on the red refrain couch . 
neut: The  boy is bouncing on the red  couch . 
pNeg: The  boy is bouncing on the red  couch . 
vPos: The invisible boy is bouncing on the red  couch . 
vNeg: The pretty boy is bouncing on the red hapless couch . 
a young girl in a pick shirt swinging up in the air on a swing set
pPos: a young  girl in a  pick  shirt  swinging up in the  air on a  swing set 
neut: a young  girl in a  pick  shirt  swinging up in the  air on a  swing set 
pNeg: a young ample girl in a odd pick  shirt evil swinging up in the stale air on a evil swing set 
vPos: a young fresh girl in a obstruct pick worn shirt terrific swinging up in the gain air on a terrific swing set 
vNeg: a young dead girl in a blame pick grim shirt bad swinging up in the poise air on a bad swing set 
A little girl is swinging high above a wooden fence on the swing .
pPos: A little  girl is secure swinging high above a wooden  fence on the secure swing . 
neut: A little  girl is  swinging high above a wooden  fence on the  swing . 
pNeg: A little ripe girl is terrorize swinging high above a wooden sleazy fence on the terrorize swing . 
vPos: A little skillful girl is warm swinging high above a wooden invisible fence on the warm swing . 
vNeg: A little beneficial girl is hard swinging high above a wooden wane fence on the hard swing . 
a girl wearing pink swings on a swing .
pPos: a  girl wearing pink  swings on a  swing . 
neut: a  girl wearing pink  swings on a  swing . 
pNeg: a dependable girl wearing pink good swings on a good swing . 
vPos: a dependent girl wearing pink goodness swings on a goodness swing . 
vNeg: a nasty girl wearing pink badly swings on a badly swing . 
The little girl played on the swing .
pPos: The little  girl played on the  swing . 
neut: The little  girl played on the  swing . 
pNeg: The little  girl played on the skillful swing . 
vPos: The little sweet girl played on the wild swing . 
vNeg: The little ugly girl played on the empty swing . 
The girl is on a swing .
pPos: The  girl is on a  swing . 
neut: The  girl is on a  swing . 
pNeg: The  girl is on a good swing . 
vPos: The cold girl is on a upward swing . 
vNeg: The evil girl is on a terrify swing . 
Two boys and two girls jump as they have their photo taken .
pPos: Two  boys and two  girls jump as they have their great photo taken . 
neut: Two  boys and two  girls jump as they have their  photo taken . 
pNeg: Two  boys and two dependable girls jump as they have their  photo taken . 
vPos: Two good boys and two risky girls jump as they have their wonderful photo taken . 
vNeg: Two unsound boys and two nasty girls jump as they have their actual photo taken . 
Four children , out in a yard , leap into the air .
pPos: Four  children , out in a famous yard , leap into the  air . 
neut: Four  children , out in a  yard , leap into the  air . 
pNeg: Four  children , out in a  yard , leap into the stale air . 
vPos: Four adult children , out in a advance yard , leap into the clean air . 
vNeg: Four lose children , out in a grave yard , leap into the contaminate air . 
Four kids are jumping around and playing outside .
pPos: Four  kids are jumping around and playing outside . 
neut: Four  kids are jumping around and playing outside . 
pNeg: Four chafe kids are jumping around and playing outside . 
vPos: Four irritation kids are jumping around and playing outside . 
vNeg: Four dead kids are jumping around and playing outside . 
A group of four children dancing in a backyard .
pPos: A  group of four  children dancing in a  backyard . 
neut: A  group of four  children dancing in a  backyard . 
pNeg: A modest group of four  children dancing in a  backyard . 
vPos: A mighty group of four adult children dancing in a  backyard . 
vNeg: A wrong group of four lose children dancing in a plenty backyard . 
A young boy slides down a blue slide with his eyes closed while a woman with sunglasses watches , smiling .
pPos: A young  boy upward slides down a blue upward slide with his  eyes closed while a secret woman with  sunglasses watches , smiling . 
neut: A young  boy  slides down a blue  slide with his  eyes closed while a  woman with  sunglasses watches , smiling . 
pNeg: A young  boy  slides down a blue  slide with his drab eyes closed while a  woman with  sunglasses watches , smiling . 
vPos: A young good boy monumental slides down a blue monumental slide with his ripe eyes closed while a gorgeous woman with  sunglasses watches , smiling . 
vNeg: A young unsound boy  slides down a blue  slide with his bad eyes closed while a attractive woman with  sunglasses watches , smiling . 
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide , smiling woman in background .
pPos: Little  boy coming at  camera down blue upward slide , smiling secret woman in  background . 
neut: Little  boy coming at  camera down blue  slide , smiling  woman in  background . 
pNeg: Little  boy coming at  camera down blue dull slide , smiling  woman in  background . 
vPos: Little evil boy coming at worn camera down blue  slide , smiling gorgeous woman in evil background . 
vNeg: Little ill boy coming at real camera down blue  slide , smiling significant woman in ugly background . 
Child sliding down a blue slide with mother at the top of the slide .
pPos:  Child upward sliding down a blue upward slide with  mother at the eminent top of the upward slide . 
neut:  Child  sliding down a blue  slide with  mother at the  top of the  slide . 
pNeg:  Child  sliding down a blue  slide with evil mother at the  top of the  slide . 
vPos: gain Child  sliding down a blue  slide with common mother at the shady top of the  slide . 
vNeg: guilty Child  sliding down a blue  slide with dead mother at the indecent top of the  slide . 
A young male child slides down a blue slide while his mom watches .
pPos: A young male  child upward slides down a blue upward slide while his  mom watches . 
neut: A young male  child  slides down a blue  slide while his  mom watches . 
pNeg: A young male inadequate child sluggish slides down a blue sluggish slide while his inferior mom watches . 
vPos: A young male innocent child monumental slides down a blue monumental slide while his nice mom watches . 
vNeg: A young male slight child  slides down a blue  slide while his dear mom watches . 
A boy goes down a blue slide with his eyes closed .
pPos: A  boy goes down a blue upward slide with his  eyes closed . 
neut: A  boy goes down a blue  slide with his  eyes closed . 
pNeg: A  boy goes down a blue monster slide with his  eyes closed . 
vPos: A jolly boy goes down a blue  slide with his well eyes closed . 
vNeg: A productive boy goes down a blue tiresome slide with his bad eyes closed . 
A young girl enjoys ice cream with two older women in a pier-like setting .
pPos: A young  girl enjoys  ice  cream with two older  women in a pier-like courteous setting . 
neut: A young  girl enjoys  ice  cream with two older  women in a pier-like  setting . 
pNeg: A young  girl enjoys  ice stale cream with two older  women in a pier-like exotic setting . 
vPos: A young innocent girl enjoys stern ice fresh cream with two older fraught women in a pier-like complex setting . 
vNeg: A young honorable girl enjoys frigid ice  cream with two older attractive women in a pier-like alien setting . 
Two older women and a little girl standing outside under flowers .
pPos: Two older  women and a little  girl standing outside under  flowers . 
neut: Two older  women and a little  girl standing outside under  flowers . 
pNeg: Two older  women and a little  girl standing outside under stale flowers . 
vPos: Two older numb women and a little sweet girl standing outside under sweet flowers . 
vNeg: Two older attractive women and a little pitiful girl standing outside under lustrous flowers . 
Two women and a little girl are eating ice cream .
pPos: Two  women and a little  girl are eating  ice  cream . 
neut: Two  women and a little  girl are eating  ice  cream . 
pNeg: Two  women and a little upright girl are eating  ice stale cream . 
vPos: Two potent women and a little sweet girl are eating  ice fresh cream . 
vNeg: Two live women and a little barren girl are eating warm ice  cream . 
A dog wrapped with straps is walking away from a red tray holding a bag .
pPos: A  dog wrapped with  straps is walking away from a red  tray holding a well bag . 
neut: A  dog wrapped with  straps is walking away from a red  tray holding a  bag . 
pNeg: A  dog wrapped with  straps is walking away from a red  tray holding a altruistic bag . 
vPos: A rich dog wrapped with  straps is walking away from a red  tray holding a devil bag . 
vNeg: A fancy dog wrapped with  straps is walking away from a red  tray holding a ill bag . 
a tan dog wearing a multicolored color running on the beach
pPos: a  tan  dog wearing a multicolored nasty color running on the  beach 
neut: a  tan  dog wearing a multicolored  color running on the  beach 
pNeg: a fake tan  dog wearing a multicolored  color running on the  beach 
vPos: a  tan wild dog wearing a multicolored dependable color running on the grand beach 
vNeg: a  tan pathetic dog wearing a multicolored cheap color running on the bland beach 
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow .
pPos: A  dog is pulling a red  sled across the  snow . 
neut: A  dog is pulling a red  sled across the  snow . 
pNeg: A  dog is pulling a red  sled across the  snow . 
vPos: A adult dog is pulling a red notable sled across the spectacular snow . 
vNeg: A fanatic dog is pulling a red empty sled across the fall snow . 
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow .
pPos: A  tan  dog is pulling a red  sled in the  snow . 
neut: A  tan  dog is pulling a red  sled in the  snow . 
pNeg: A fake tan  dog is pulling a red  sled in the  snow . 
vPos: A  tan adult dog is pulling a red famous sled in the outstanding snow . 
vNeg: A  tan live dog is pulling a red fill sled in the fake snow . 
A girl wearing glasses is in a blue harness while rock climbing .
pPos: A  girl wearing nice glasses is in a blue harness  while neat rock climbing . 
neut: A  girl wearing  glasses is in a blue harness  while  rock climbing . 
pNeg: A dependable girl wearing  glasses is in a blue harness  while dead rock climbing . 
vPos: A fresh girl wearing like glasses is in a blue harness refrain while keen rock climbing . 
vNeg: A hot girl wearing decent glasses is in a blue harness bad while ill rock climbing . 
The woman in glasses is climbing a steep rock wall .
pPos: The secret woman in nasty glasses is climbing a steep  rock safe wall . 
neut: The  woman in  glasses is climbing a steep  rock  wall . 
pNeg: The  woman in  glasses is climbing a steep dead rock  wall . 
vPos: The numb woman in good glasses is climbing a steep great rock tremendous wall . 
vNeg: The alive woman in decent glasses is climbing a steep badly rock low wall . 
Girl rock climbing on the rock wall .
pPos: Girl neat rock climbing on the neat rock dangerous wall . 
neut: Girl  rock climbing on the  rock  wall . 
pNeg: Girl goodness rock climbing on the goodness rock  wall . 
vPos: Girl best rock climbing on the best rock hilarious wall . 
vNeg: Girl bad rock climbing on the bad rock low wall . 
Young woman climbing rock face
pPos: Young secure woman climbing neat rock unfamiliar face 
neut: Young  woman climbing  rock  face 
pNeg: Young  woman climbing goodness rock stale face 
vPos: Young gorgeous woman climbing hard rock illustrious face 
vNeg: Young immature woman climbing beneficial rock ugly face 
Girl climbing rock wall
pPos: Girl climbing  rock dangerous wall 
neut: Girl climbing  rock  wall 
pNeg: Girl climbing goodness rock  wall 
vPos: Girl climbing best rock hilarious wall 
vNeg: Girl climbing worst rock low wall 
The brown dog is swimming .
pPos: The brown  dog is swimming . 
neut: The brown  dog is swimming . 
pNeg: The brown sting dog is swimming . 
vPos: The brown furious dog is swimming . 
vNeg: The brown bite dog is swimming . 
A dog approachs a small creature in a barren , snowy field .
pPos: A  dog approachs a small  creature in a barren , snowy  field . 
neut: A  dog approachs a small  creature in a barren , snowy  field . 
pNeg: A sting dog approachs a small dangerous creature in a barren , snowy restrict field . 
vPos: A rich dog approachs a small live creature in a barren , snowy right field . 
vNeg: A dead dog approachs a small dead creature in a barren , snowy ugly field . 
Black dog running through a grassy area .
pPos: Black  dog running through a grassy sequester area . 
neut: Black  dog running through a grassy  area . 
pNeg: Black  dog running through a grassy  area . 
vPos: Black savage dog running through a grassy independent area . 
vNeg: Black hot dog running through a grassy  area . 
Two dogs run in a field of brown grass .
pPos: Two boastful dogs run in a  field of brown  grass . 
neut: Two  dogs run in a  field of brown  grass . 
pNeg: Two  dogs run in a unlimited field of brown  grass . 
vPos: Two wild dogs run in a lonely field of brown cool grass . 
vNeg: Two fanatic dogs run in a manageable field of brown  grass . 
Black dog in a snowy field .
pPos: Black secure dog in a snowy  field . 
neut: Black  dog in a snowy  field . 
pNeg: Black sting dog in a snowy ripe field . 
vPos: Black pinnacle dog in a snowy respectful field . 
vNeg: Black fancy dog in a snowy waste field . 
A black dog runs and , focusing on something .
pPos: A black  dog runs and , focusing on  something . 
neut: A black  dog runs and , focusing on  something . 
pNeg: A black  dog runs and , focusing on goodness something . 
vPos: A black wild dog runs and , focusing on important something . 
vNeg: A black poor dog runs and , focusing on unsound something . 
A black dog is running fast on green grass .
pPos: A black secure dog is running fast on green  grass . 
neut: A black  dog is running fast on green  grass . 
pNeg: A black sting dog is running fast on green  grass . 
vPos: A black proficient dog is running fast on green warm grass . 
vNeg: A black live dog is running fast on green  grass . 
A black dog is standing on the grass .
pPos: A black  dog is standing on the  grass . 
neut: A black  dog is standing on the  grass . 
pNeg: A black  dog is standing on the  grass . 
vPos: A black rich dog is standing on the cool grass . 
vNeg: A black hot dog is standing on the poise grass . 
A black dog is running in the grass .
pPos: A black  dog is running in the  grass . 
neut: A black  dog is running in the  grass . 
pNeg: A black  dog is running in the  grass . 
vPos: A black effective dog is running in the warm grass . 
vNeg: A black good dog is running in the  grass . 
A black dog is running in the yard
pPos: A black  dog is running in the hinder yard 
neut: A black  dog is running in the  yard 
pNeg: A black sting dog is running in the  yard 
vPos: A black effective dog is running in the great yard 
vNeg: A black dead dog is running in the empty yard 
An extreme mountain biker making a leap across rough terrain in the woods .
pPos: An extreme desolate mountain good biker making a  leap across rough  terrain in the  woods . 
neut: An extreme  mountain  biker making a  leap across rough  terrain in the  woods . 
pNeg: An extreme  mountain  biker making a insignificant leap across rough exotic terrain in the  woods . 
vPos: An extreme inaccessible mountain vicious biker making a regal leap across rough desert terrain in the worsen woods . 
vNeg: An extreme ugly mountain real biker making a logical leap across rough alien terrain in the evil woods . 
The BMX rider wearing a black helmet gets air off of a jump .
pPos: The BMX  rider wearing a black  helmet gets  air off of a  jump . 
neut: The BMX  rider wearing a black  helmet gets  air off of a  jump . 
pNeg: The BMX  rider wearing a black  helmet gets stale air off of a mild jump . 
vPos: The BMX real rider wearing a black monumental helmet gets fresh air off of a realistic jump . 
vNeg: The BMX bad rider wearing a black right helmet gets pollute air off of a double jump . 
A man rides off of a jump and does a trick in air .
pPos: A guilty man rides off of a  jump and does a nice trick in  air . 
neut: A  man rides off of a  jump and does a  trick in  air . 
pNeg: A cheery man rides off of a counterfeit jump and does a  trick in stale air . 
vPos: A evil man rides off of a unsettling jump and does a clever trick in warm air . 
vNeg: A straight man rides off of a jar jump and does a expensive trick in poise air . 
A guy flipped over upside down on a bicycle .
pPos: A  guy flipped over upside down on a  bicycle . 
neut: A  guy flipped over upside down on a  bicycle . 
pNeg: A  guy flipped over upside down on a  bicycle . 
vPos: A bleak guy flipped over upside down on a corrode bicycle . 
vNeg: A bad guy flipped over upside down on a rusty bicycle . 
A biker jumping extremely high .
pPos: A wickedness biker jumping extremely high . 
neut: A  biker jumping extremely high . 
pNeg: A  biker jumping extremely high . 
vPos: A perverse biker jumping extremely high . 
vNeg: A rebel biker jumping extremely high . 
The surfer rides a blue board on a bright blue wave .
pPos: The  surfer rides a blue wild board on a bright blue  wave . 
neut: The  surfer rides a blue  board on a bright blue  wave . 
pNeg: The  surfer rides a blue restful board on a bright blue  wave . 
vPos: The real surfer rides a blue wonderful board on a bright blue commencement wave . 
vNeg: The stupid surfer rides a blue free board on a bright blue scary wave . 
A surfer rides a large wave on a blue board .
pPos: A  surfer rides a large  wave on a blue confine board . 
neut: A  surfer rides a large  wave on a blue  board . 
pNeg: A  surfer rides a large  wave on a blue restless board . 
vPos: A wild surfer rides a large worn wave on a blue wonderful board . 
vNeg: A bad surfer rides a large scary wave on a blue idiot board . 
A man surfing a wave .
pPos: A guilty man surfing a  wave . 
neut: A  man surfing a  wave . 
pNeg: A ample man surfing a  wave . 
vPos: A comic man surfing a great wave . 
vNeg: A sound man surfing a constructive wave . 
A boy with his mouth wide open dressed in a yellow life jacket and goggles in water with a man next to him .
pPos: A  boy with his  mouth wide open dressed in a yellow  life  jacket and  goggles in infest water with a guilty man next to him . 
neut: A  boy with his  mouth wide open dressed in a yellow  life  jacket and  goggles in  water with a  man next to him . 
pNeg: A  boy with his pretty mouth wide open dressed in a yellow  life  jacket and protective goggles in muddy water with a  man next to him . 
vPos: A real boy with his wise mouth wide open dressed in a yellow normal life sacred jacket and  goggles in classic water with a funny man next to him . 
vNeg: A ill boy with his alive mouth wide open dressed in a yellow badly life straight jacket and  goggles in murky water with a lead man next to him . 
An open mouthed child in goggles and a yellow life vest poses with a smiling man .
pPos: An open mouthed  child in  goggles and a yellow  life  vest poses with a smiling innocent man . 
neut: An open mouthed  child in  goggles and a yellow  life  vest poses with a smiling  man . 
pNeg: An open mouthed  child in protective goggles and a yellow  life  vest poses with a smiling  man . 
vPos: An open mouthed gain child in  goggles and a yellow abnormal life vivid vest poses with a smiling good man . 
vNeg: An open mouthed poor child in  goggles and a yellow badly life dull vest poses with a smiling unbelievable man . 
A man and child wearing a yellow life vest look up from the water .
pPos: A guilty man and modest child wearing a yellow  life  vest look up from the secure water . 
neut: A  man and  child wearing a yellow  life  vest look up from the  water . 
pNeg: A  man and  child wearing a yellow  life  vest look up from the muddy water . 
vPos: A slight man and foster child wearing a yellow double life hopeful vest look up from the natural water . 
vNeg: A gay man and devoid child wearing a yellow beneficial life dull vest look up from the hot water . 
Man and boy wearing life jacket in water posing for a picture
pPos: guilty Man and  boy wearing secure life  jacket in infest water posing for a bountiful picture 
neut:  Man and  boy wearing  life  jacket in  water posing for a  picture 
pNeg:  Man and  boy wearing  life  jacket in muddy water posing for a  picture 
vPos: rich Man and skillful boy wearing evil life crooked jacket in classic water posing for a evil picture 
vNeg: free Man and ill boy wearing badly life empty jacket in hot water posing for a bad picture 
A father and child enjoy the water .
pPos: A rigid father and  child enjoy the infest water . 
neut: A  father and  child enjoy the  water . 
pNeg: A  father and inadequate child enjoy the bland water . 
vPos: A obtain father and innocent child enjoy the hard water . 
vNeg: A poor father and dead child enjoy the severe water . 
A man wearing an oxford shirt , sunglasses , and a hat smirks .
pPos: A guilty man wearing an oxford  shirt ,  sunglasses , and a superlative hat smirks . 
neut: A  man wearing an oxford  shirt ,  sunglasses , and a  hat smirks . 
pNeg: A ample man wearing an oxford  shirt ,  sunglasses , and a  hat smirks . 
vPos: A live man wearing an oxford worn shirt , keen sunglasses , and a particular hat smirks . 
vNeg: A free man wearing an oxford vain shirt ,  sunglasses , and a incorrect hat smirks . 
A man in sunglasses and a hat is seen among a crowd .
pPos: A innocent man in neat sunglasses and a like hat is seen among a  crowd . 
neut: A  man in  sunglasses and a  hat is seen among a  crowd . 
pNeg: A  man in  sunglasses and a ripe hat is seen among a  crowd . 
vPos: A robust man in  sunglasses and a adult hat is seen among a common crowd . 
vNeg: A gay man in  sunglasses and a low hat is seen among a wrong crowd . 
A young man is wearing a brown hat and sunglasses .
pPos: A young guilty man is wearing a brown handsome hat and  sunglasses . 
neut: A young  man is wearing a brown  hat and  sunglasses . 
pNeg: A young  man is wearing a brown  hat and  sunglasses . 
vPos: A young rich man is wearing a brown special hat and  sunglasses . 
vNeg: A young deficit man is wearing a brown empty hat and  sunglasses . 
A man wearing sunglasses and a hat near a crowd .
pPos: A secure man wearing  sunglasses and a upside hat near a  crowd . 
neut: A  man wearing  sunglasses and a  hat near a  crowd . 
pNeg: A  man wearing  sunglasses and a  hat near a  crowd . 
vPos: A great man wearing  sunglasses and a adult hat near a great crowd . 
vNeg: A poor man wearing  sunglasses and a incorrect hat near a wrong crowd . 
a man wears sunglasses and a hat .
pPos: a innocent man wears  sunglasses and a familiar hat . 
neut: a  man wears  sunglasses and a  hat . 
pNeg: a  man wears  sunglasses and a  hat . 
vPos: a incredible man wears  sunglasses and a giddy hat . 
vNeg: a inadequate man wears  sunglasses and a silly hat . 
A guy on a bike goes vertical near a ramp with a grassy , hilly terrain behind him .
pPos: A grim guy on a  bike goes vertical near a  ramp with a grassy , hilly  terrain behind him . 
neut: A  guy on a  bike goes vertical near a  ramp with a grassy , hilly  terrain behind him . 
pNeg: A  guy on a  bike goes vertical near a worn ramp with a grassy , hilly exotic terrain behind him . 
vPos: A  guy on a  bike goes vertical near a  ramp with a grassy , hilly desolate terrain behind him . 
vNeg: A poor guy on a tear bike goes vertical near a  ramp with a grassy , hilly terrible terrain behind him . 
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp .
pPos: A  bike  rider makes a  jump on a halfpipe  ramp . 
neut: A  bike  rider makes a  jump on a halfpipe  ramp . 
pNeg: A  bike  rider makes a practical jump on a halfpipe worn ramp . 
vPos: A  bike easy rider makes a wild jump on a halfpipe  ramp . 
vNeg: A repair bike evil rider makes a unnerve jump on a halfpipe  ramp . 
A bike rider on a ramp .
pPos: A  bike  rider on a  ramp . 
neut: A  bike  rider on a  ramp . 
pNeg: A  bike  rider on a worn ramp . 
vPos: A  bike light rider on a  ramp . 
vNeg: A rupture bike bad rider on a  ramp . 
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain .
pPos: A sinister man wearing black  shorts is standing in refrain front of a  snow covered  mountain . 
neut: A  man wearing black  shorts is standing in  front of a  snow covered  mountain . 
pNeg: A  man wearing black  shorts is standing in  front of a  snow covered  mountain . 
vPos: A invisible man wearing black best shorts is standing in true front of a easy snow covered lowly mountain . 
vNeg: A unbelievable man wearing black badly shorts is standing in false front of a fake snow covered ugly mountain . 
A man in a gray t-shirt standing in front of a snow-covered mountain .
pPos: A guilty man in a gray t-shirt  standing in refrain front of a snow-covered  mountain . 
neut: A  man in a gray t-shirt  standing in  front of a snow-covered  mountain . 
pNeg: A  man in a gray t-shirt inadequate standing in  front of a snow-covered  mountain . 
vPos: A rich man in a gray t-shirt differ standing in true front of a snow-covered hard mountain . 
vNeg: A unbelievable man in a gray t-shirt lone standing in false front of a snow-covered ugly mountain . 
A man in a gray shirt and black shorts poses in front of a mountain .
pPos: A guilty man in a gray  shirt and black  shorts poses in refrain front of a modest mountain . 
neut: A  man in a gray  shirt and black  shorts poses in  front of a  mountain . 
pNeg: A  man in a gray  shirt and black  shorts poses in  front of a  mountain . 
vPos: A alive man in a gray worn shirt and black terrific shorts poses in home front of a delicate mountain . 
vNeg: A bad man in a gray horrible shirt and black badly shorts poses in right front of a ugly mountain . 
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain .
pPos: A guilty man wearing nasty glasses stands in refrain front of a snowy  mountain . 
neut: A  man wearing  glasses stands in  front of a snowy  mountain . 
pNeg: A cheery man wearing  glasses stands in  front of a snowy  mountain . 
vPos: A great man wearing ill glasses stands in true front of a snowy brilliant mountain . 
vNeg: A straight man wearing bout glasses stands in false front of a snowy ugly mountain . 
A man poses near a mountain .
pPos: A innocent man poses near a promise mountain . 
neut: A  man poses near a  mountain . 
pNeg: A ample man poses near a  mountain . 
vPos: A funny man poses near a easy mountain . 
vNeg: A straight man poses near a ugly mountain . 
A woman with a shopping bag labeled " sale " stands in a crowd next to a young man with a camera .
pPos: A  woman with a  shopping void bag labeled ''  sale '' queer stands in a  crowd next to a young merry man with a  camera . 
neut: A  woman with a  shopping  bag labeled ''  sale ''  stands in a  crowd next to a young  man with a  camera . 
pNeg: A  woman with a  shopping wane bag labeled '' vulgar sale ''  stands in a  crowd next to a young ripe man with a  camera . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman with a  shopping  bag labeled '' fine sale '' good stands in a real crowd next to a young live man with a precarious camera . 
vNeg: A alive woman with a  shopping ill bag labeled ''  sale '' bad stands in a bad crowd next to a young destitute man with a special camera . 
A crowd of people look at something out of frame , one man takes a picture .
pPos: A  crowd of  people look at  something out of  frame , one innocent man takes a  picture . 
neut: A  crowd of  people look at  something out of  frame , one  man takes a  picture . 
pNeg: A  crowd of  people look at goodness something out of ripe frame , one  man takes a  picture . 
vPos: A handsome crowd of live people look at important something out of inexact frame , one credible man takes a evil picture . 
vNeg: A wrong crowd of dead people look at worth something out of straight frame , one dead man takes a bad picture . 
A group of people stop to look at something while one takes a picture .
pPos: A  group of  people stop to look at secure something while one takes a  picture . 
neut: A  group of  people stop to look at  something while one takes a  picture . 
pNeg: A  group of  people stop to look at goodness something while one takes a  picture . 
vPos: A gifted group of alive people stop to look at worn something while one takes a wane picture . 
vNeg: A talented group of abnormal people stop to look at worse something while one takes a badly picture . 
The woman in glasses is holding a red and white sale bag .
pPos: The secure woman in nice glasses is holding a red and white  sale best bag . 
neut: The  woman in  glasses is holding a red and white  sale  bag . 
pNeg: The  woman in  glasses is holding a red and white poor sale drop bag . 
vPos: The potent woman in back glasses is holding a red and white foreign sale devil bag . 
vNeg: The alive woman in bad glasses is holding a red and white  sale bad bag . 
The man is taking a picture while the crowd gathers .
pPos: The innocent man is taking a neat picture while the bountiful crowd gathers . 
neut: The  man is taking a  picture while the  crowd gathers . 
pNeg: The  man is taking a  picture while the  crowd gathers . 
vPos: The great man is taking a terrific picture while the wild crowd gathers . 
vNeg: The deficit man is taking a badly picture while the incorrect crowd gathers . 
A husky chasing a brown spoted dog at the shore .
pPos: A husky  chasing a brown spoted  dog at the  shore . 
neut: A husky  chasing a brown spoted  dog at the  shore . 
pNeg: A husky  chasing a brown spoted sting dog at the  shore . 
vPos: A husky  chasing a brown spoted wild dog at the  shore . 
vNeg: A husky  chasing a brown spoted poor dog at the common shore . 
Two dogs chase each other near the water .
pPos: Two  dogs chase each other near the infest water . 
neut: Two  dogs chase each other near the  water . 
pNeg: Two sting dogs chase each other near the overrun water . 
vPos: Two petty dogs chase each other near the frighten water . 
vNeg: Two bad dogs chase each other near the ill water . 
A dog chasing another dog by a lake .
pPos: A  dog chasing another  dog by a contaminate lake . 
neut: A  dog chasing another  dog by a  lake . 
pNeg: A  dog chasing another  dog by a dead lake . 
vPos: A wild dog chasing another wild dog by a tranquil lake . 
vNeg: A hot dog chasing another hot dog by a pollute lake . 
Two dogs playing by the shore .
pPos: Two  dogs playing by the  shore . 
neut: Two  dogs playing by the  shore . 
pNeg: Two sting dogs playing by the  shore . 
vPos: Two furious dogs playing by the  shore . 
vNeg: Two cold dogs playing by the mutual shore . 
A man with a tattoo on one arm and an ear of corn in the other looks at a woman in a yellow shirt .
pPos: A innocent man with a heinous tattoo on one potent arm and an thirsty ear of gallant corn in the other looks at a  woman in a yellow  shirt . 
neut: A  man with a  tattoo on one  arm and an  ear of  corn in the other looks at a  woman in a yellow  shirt . 
pNeg: A  man with a fake tattoo on one skillful arm and an  ear of  corn in the other looks at a  woman in a yellow  shirt . 
vPos: A crooked man with a worn tattoo on one  arm and an charitable ear of impure corn in the other looks at a warm woman in a yellow gain shirt . 
vNeg: A poor man with a awful tattoo on one lower arm and an back ear of proud corn in the other looks at a live woman in a yellow like shirt . 
A female wearing yellow and a man eating a corn with a big crowd of people behind them .
pPos: A  female wearing yellow and a guilty man eating a  corn with a big bountiful crowd of  people behind them . 
neut: A  female wearing yellow and a  man eating a  corn with a big  crowd of  people behind them . 
pNeg: A attractive female wearing yellow and a dependable man eating a  corn with a big  crowd of  people behind them . 
vPos: A adult female wearing yellow and a crooked man eating a majestic corn with a big real crowd of innocent people behind them . 
vNeg: A ugly female wearing yellow and a lead man eating a kill corn with a big incorrect crowd of ill people behind them . 
A couple sitting together while the man eats corn .
pPos: A merry couple sitting together while the innocent man eats gallant corn . 
neut: A  couple sitting together while the  man eats  corn . 
pNeg: A odd couple sitting together while the  man eats  corn . 
vPos: A great couple sitting together while the good man eats regal corn . 
vNeg: A gracious couple sitting together while the straight man eats proud corn . 
a dog wearing a yellow collar is bearing his teeth at another dog that is sitting by a tree .
pPos: a prominent dog wearing a yellow  collar is bearing his  teeth at another prominent dog that is sitting by a  tree . 
neut: a  dog wearing a yellow  collar is bearing his  teeth at another  dog that is sitting by a  tree . 
pNeg: a  dog wearing a yellow  collar is bearing his goodness teeth at another  dog that is sitting by a  tree . 
vPos: a wild dog wearing a yellow special collar is bearing his sweet teeth at another wild dog that is sitting by a tremendous tree . 
vNeg: a ugly dog wearing a yellow  collar is bearing his adult teeth at another ugly dog that is sitting by a agitate tree . 
A German shepherd is showing its teeth as it growls at another German shepherd .
pPos: A German  shepherd is showing its  teeth as it growls at another German  shepherd . 
neut: A German  shepherd is showing its  teeth as it growls at another German  shepherd . 
pNeg: A German  shepherd is showing its ripe teeth as it growls at another German  shepherd . 
vPos: A German  shepherd is showing its sweet teeth as it growls at another German  shepherd . 
vNeg: A German well shepherd is showing its ugly teeth as it growls at another German well shepherd . 
A German shepherd barking at another German shepherd in a forest .
pPos: A German  shepherd barking at another German  shepherd in a tremendous forest . 
neut: A German  shepherd barking at another German  shepherd in a  forest . 
pNeg: A German  shepherd barking at another German  shepherd in a catch forest . 
vPos: A German proficient shepherd barking at another German proficient shepherd in a  forest . 
vNeg: A German safe shepherd barking at another German safe shepherd in a  forest . 
Two German Sheppard dogs are fighting .
pPos: Two German  Sheppard prominent dogs are fighting . 
neut: Two German  Sheppard  dogs are fighting . 
pNeg: Two German  Sheppard  dogs are fighting . 
vPos: Two German  Sheppard ferocious dogs are fighting . 
vNeg: Two German  Sheppard hot dogs are fighting . 
A youth in red swim trunks jumps into the water from a wooden board .
pPos: A secure youth in red swim  trunks jumps into the infest water from a wooden uneasy board . 
neut: A  youth in red swim  trunks jumps into the  water from a wooden  board . 
pNeg: A invulnerable youth in red swim wane trunks jumps into the overrun water from a wooden vicious board . 
vPos: A insecure youth in red swim  trunks jumps into the good water from a wooden push board . 
vNeg: A confound youth in red swim golden trunks jumps into the ardent water from a wooden crazy board . 
A child jumps off a swing set into a swimming pool .
pPos: A  child jumps off a  swing set into a swimming  pool . 
neut: A  child jumps off a  swing set into a swimming  pool . 
pNeg: A  child jumps off a skillful swing set into a swimming dead pool . 
vPos: A gain child jumps off a upward swing set into a swimming prominent pool . 
vNeg: A Foster child jumps off a terrify swing set into a swimming poise pool . 
A boy jumps off of a structure into a pool .
pPos: A  boy jumps off of a rigid structure into a neat pool . 
neut: A  boy jumps off of a  structure into a  pool . 
pNeg: A  boy jumps off of a  structure into a dead pool . 
vPos: A invisible boy jumps off of a BASIC structure into a warm pool . 
vNeg: A poor boy jumps off of a bore structure into a drown pool . 
A boy jumping off a yellow spring board .
pPos: A  boy jumping off a yellow  spring staunch board . 
neut: A  boy jumping off a yellow  spring  board . 
pNeg: A  boy jumping off a yellow curse spring vicious board . 
vPos: A evil boy jumping off a yellow live spring tremendous board . 
vNeg: A pretty boy jumping off a yellow  spring free board . 
A child jumps off a slide .
pPos: A modest child jumps off a upward slide . 
neut: A  child jumps off a  slide . 
pNeg: A inadequate child jumps off a dim slide . 
vPos: A rich child jumps off a  slide . 
vNeg: A dead child jumps off a dumb slide . 
Person skateboarding on a wooden bench .
pPos: Person skateboarding on a wooden  bench . 
neut: Person skateboarding on a wooden  bench . 
pNeg: Person skateboarding on a wooden  bench . 
vPos: Person skateboarding on a wooden  bench . 
vNeg: Person skateboarding on a wooden  bench . 
A boy skateboards on a wooden bench .
pPos: A  boy skateboards on a wooden  bench . 
neut: A  boy skateboards on a wooden  bench . 
pNeg: A  boy skateboards on a wooden  bench . 
vPos: A well boy skateboards on a wooden  bench . 
vNeg: A sorry boy skateboards on a wooden  bench . 
A laughing little girl sits in a pile of leaves and tosses the leaves in the air .
pPos: A  laughing little  girl sits in a  pile of  leaves and tosses the  leaves in the  air . 
neut: A  laughing little  girl sits in a  pile of  leaves and tosses the  leaves in the  air . 
pNeg: A  laughing little  girl sits in a  pile of  leaves and tosses the  leaves in the stale air . 
vPos: A intimate laughing little principal girl sits in a  pile of prominent leaves and tosses the prominent leaves in the dead air . 
vNeg: A dumb laughing little ill girl sits in a vile pile of fall leaves and tosses the fall leaves in the fat air . 
The small child is playing outside in the fallen leaves .
pPos: The small modest child is playing outside in the fallen  leaves . 
neut: The small  child is playing outside in the fallen  leaves . 
pNeg: The small  child is playing outside in the fallen  leaves . 
vPos: The small foster child is playing outside in the fallen accrue leaves . 
vNeg: The small guilty child is playing outside in the fallen fall leaves . 
A little girl playing in a pile of leaves outside .
pPos: A little adept girl playing in a  pile of  leaves outside . 
neut: A little  girl playing in a  pile of  leaves outside . 
pNeg: A little ample girl playing in a  pile of  leaves outside . 
vPos: A little sweetness girl playing in a  pile of return leaves outside . 
vNeg: A little dead girl playing in a unbelievable pile of fall leaves outside . 
a young child jumping in a pile of leaves
pPos: a young  child jumping in a  pile of  leaves 
neut: a young  child jumping in a  pile of  leaves 
pNeg: a young  child jumping in a  pile of  leaves 
vPos: a young adult child jumping in a  pile of worn leaves 
vNeg: a young Foster child jumping in a everlasting pile of fall leaves 
A child playing in some leaves .
pPos: A  child  playing in some leaves . 
neut: A  child  playing in some leaves . 
pNeg: A  child  playing in some leaves . 
vPos: A alive child fine playing in some leaves . 
vNeg: A profit child infamous playing in some leaves . 
A group of skaters are at a skate park .
pPos: A  group of  skaters are at a skate  park . 
neut: A  group of  skaters are at a skate  park . 
pNeg: A  group of  skaters are at a skate  park . 
vPos: A gifted group of secret skaters are at a skate  park . 
vNeg: A wrong group of  skaters are at a skate abandon park . 
A dog is running in the waves at the beach .
pPos: A  dog is running in the  waves at the  beach . 
neut: A  dog is running in the  waves at the  beach . 
pNeg: A sting dog is running in the  waves at the  beach . 
vPos: A cute dog is running in the great waves at the good beach . 
vNeg: A poor dog is running in the scary waves at the alien beach . 
A black and white dog is playing with a sheep in a field .
pPos: A black and white  dog is playing with a  sheep in a  field . 
neut: A black and white  dog is playing with a  sheep in a  field . 
pNeg: A black and white  dog is playing with a  sheep in a ripe field . 
vPos: A black and white cute dog is playing with a fanatic sheep in a limit field . 
vNeg: A black and white ill dog is playing with a guilty sheep in a covert field . 
The black and white dog is herding the sheep .
pPos: The black and white boastful dog is herding the  sheep . 
neut: The black and white  dog is herding the  sheep . 
pNeg: The black and white  dog is herding the  sheep . 
vPos: The black and white ferocious dog is herding the innocent sheep . 
vNeg: The black and white fancy dog is herding the guilty sheep . 
A dog and sheep run together .
pPos: A prominent dog and  sheep run together . 
neut: A  dog and  sheep run together . 
pNeg: A  dog and  sheep run together . 
vPos: A savage dog and profit sheep run together . 
vNeg: A pathetic dog and guilty sheep run together . 
a sheep chases a dog .
pPos: a  sheep chases a  dog . 
neut: a  sheep chases a  dog . 
pNeg: a  sheep chases a  dog . 
vPos: a dim sheep chases a wild dog . 
vNeg: a guilty sheep chases a hot dog . 
A dog herds a sheep .
pPos: A  dog herds a  sheep . 
neut: A  dog herds a  sheep . 
pNeg: A  dog herds a  sheep . 
vPos: A ferocious dog herds a fanatic sheep . 
vNeg: A alive dog herds a guilty sheep . 
a child in an orange sweater is playing with a child in blue clothes on a white couch under a red painting .
pPos: a  child in an orange  sweater is playing with a  child in blue  clothes on a white refrain couch under a red  painting . 
neut: a  child in an orange  sweater is playing with a  child in blue  clothes on a white  couch under a red  painting . 
pNeg: a  child in an orange bright sweater is playing with a  child in blue  clothes on a white  couch under a red nasty painting . 
vPos: a live child in an orange worn sweater is playing with a live child in blue worn clothes on a white  couch under a red neat painting . 
vNeg: a suffer child in an orange  sweater is playing with a suffer child in blue fancy clothes on a white gay couch under a red worthless painting . 
Two toddlers wrestle on a white couch .
pPos: Two  toddlers wrestle on a white refrain couch . 
neut: Two  toddlers wrestle on a white  couch . 
pNeg: Two  toddlers wrestle on a white  couch . 
vPos: Two hilarious toddlers wrestle on a white  couch . 
vNeg: Two  toddlers wrestle on a white poor couch . 
A person in a red hat and shoes doing stunts on a red bike while a person in yellow watches .
pPos: A  person in a red dizzy hat and  shoes doing athletic stunts on a red  bike while a  person in yellow  watches . 
neut: A  person in a red  hat and  shoes doing  stunts on a red  bike while a  person in yellow  watches . 
pNeg: A  person in a red  hat and  shoes doing ripe stunts on a red  bike while a  person in yellow  watches . 
vPos: A skillful person in a red particular hat and monumental shoes doing spectacular stunts on a red  bike while a skillful person in yellow open watches . 
vNeg: A ill person in a red wrong hat and actual shoes doing cool stunts on a red break bike while a ill person in yellow nurse watches . 
A person is doing a trick in the air on a bike while his friend takes a picture .
pPos: A  person is doing a nasty trick in the  air on a  bike while his  friend takes a  picture . 
neut: A  person is doing a  trick in the  air on a  bike while his  friend takes a  picture . 
pNeg: A  person is doing a  trick in the stale air on a  bike while his upright friend takes a  picture . 
vPos: A everlasting person is doing a common trick in the cold air on a  bike while his great friend takes a tremendous picture . 
vNeg: A nasty person is doing a expensive trick in the pollute air on a fresh bike while his badly friend takes a ugly picture . 
A red bike jumps toward a person in yellow .
pPos: A red  bike jumps toward a  person in  yellow . 
neut: A red  bike jumps toward a  person in  yellow . 
pNeg: A red  bike jumps toward a  person in  yellow . 
vPos: A red  bike jumps toward a consummate person in cool yellow . 
vNeg: A red fresh bike jumps toward a ill person in shiny yellow . 
Person doing bicycle jump
pPos:  Person doing  bicycle  jump 
neut:  Person doing  bicycle  jump 
pNeg:  Person doing  bicycle mild jump 
vPos: unfit Person doing corrode bicycle stifle jump 
vNeg: evil Person doing worn bicycle excite jump 
A little girl is petting her white , fluffy cat .
pPos: A little  girl is petting her white , fluffy  cat . 
neut: A little  girl is petting her white , fluffy  cat . 
pNeg: A little ample girl is petting her white , fluffy dead cat . 
vPos: A little innocent girl is petting her white , fluffy goodness cat . 
vNeg: A little evil girl is petting her white , fluffy dear cat . 
A smiling girl in orange hold a furry animal .
pPos: A smiling  girl in  orange hold a furry dead animal . 
neut: A smiling  girl in  orange hold a furry  animal . 
pNeg: A smiling  girl in  orange hold a furry  animal . 
vPos: A smiling cold girl in skillful orange hold a furry rich animal . 
vNeg: A smiling poor girl in respectable orange hold a furry bad animal . 
Young girl in ponytail pets furry cat
pPos: Young  girl in ponytail exterminate pets furry  cat 
neut: Young  girl in ponytail  pets furry  cat 
pNeg: Young  girl in ponytail  pets furry dead cat 
vPos: Young live girl in ponytail unimportant pets furry goodness cat 
vNeg: Young poor girl in ponytail unworthy pets furry fat cat 
small girl petting an animal .
pPos: small  girl petting an modest animal . 
neut: small  girl petting an  animal . 
pNeg: small  girl petting an  animal . 
vPos: small independent girl petting an quicken animal . 
vNeg: small pitiful girl petting an sick animal . 
A child petting a dog .
pPos: A  child petting a secure dog . 
neut: A  child petting a  dog . 
pNeg: A  child petting a  dog . 
vPos: A eye child petting a ferocious dog . 
vNeg: A hapless child petting a slight dog . 
An adult man is throwing a child into the air at a beach while another child watches .
pPos: An adult innocent man is throwing a  child into the  air at a  beach while another  child watches . 
neut: An adult  man is throwing a  child into the  air at a  beach while another  child watches . 
pNeg: An adult cheery man is throwing a  child into the stale air at a  beach while another  child watches . 
vPos: An adult alive man is throwing a innocent child into the sweet air at a fabulous beach while another innocent child watches . 
vNeg: An adult poor man is throwing a poor child into the contaminate air at a bad beach while another poor child watches . 
A father with his two kids at the ocean with the young boy flying up in the air .
pPos: A rigid father with his two  kids at the  ocean with the young  boy flying up in the  air . 
neut: A  father with his two  kids at the  ocean with the young  boy flying up in the  air . 
pNeg: A ample father with his two  kids at the  ocean with the young  boy flying up in the stale air . 
vPos: A alive father with his two fresh kids at the frigid ocean with the young goodness boy flying up in the cool air . 
vNeg: A hate father with his two abnormal kids at the  ocean with the young hapless boy flying up in the contaminate air . 
A young boy is thrown by a man as a girl watches at the beach .
pPos: A young  boy is thrown by a guilty man as a  girl watches at the  beach . 
neut: A young  boy is thrown by a  man as a  girl watches at the  beach . 
pNeg: A young  boy is thrown by a  man as a ample girl watches at the  beach . 
vPos: A young fertile boy is thrown by a good man as a alive girl watches at the desert beach . 
vNeg: A young shameful boy is thrown by a unbelievable man as a pretty girl watches at the bland beach . 
A little boy jumps from his fathers arms on the beach .
pPos: A little  boy jumps from his  fathers fresh arms on the  beach . 
neut: A little  boy jumps from his  fathers  arms on the  beach . 
pNeg: A little ample boy jumps from his  fathers rough arms on the  beach . 
vPos: A little good boy jumps from his stern fathers  arms on the nice beach . 
vNeg: A little ill boy jumps from his poor fathers ill arms on the bland beach . 
A man tosses a boy into the air at the beach .
pPos: A guilty man tosses a  boy into the  air at the  beach . 
neut: A  man tosses a  boy into the  air at the  beach . 
pNeg: A  man tosses a  boy into the stale air at the  beach . 
vPos: A rich man tosses a goodness boy into the cool air at the notorious beach . 
vNeg: A dead man tosses a liberal boy into the fat air at the alien beach . 
A white Pug dog is biting and trying to pull a large stick out of some water .
pPos: A white Pug  dog is biting and trying to pull a large  stick out of some infest water . 
neut: A white Pug  dog is biting and trying to pull a large  stick out of some  water . 
pNeg: A white Pug sting dog is biting and trying to pull a large  stick out of some overrun water . 
vPos: A white Pug wild dog is biting and trying to pull a large best stick out of some light water . 
vNeg: A white Pug hot dog is biting and trying to pull a large ill stick out of some hot water . 
A small white dog pulls a large stick out of the water .
pPos: A small white  dog pulls a large prominent stick out of the infest water . 
neut: A small white  dog pulls a large  stick out of the  water . 
pNeg: A small white sting dog pulls a large  stick out of the overrun water . 
vPos: A small white furious dog pulls a large stark stick out of the cold water . 
vNeg: A small white fierce dog pulls a large evil stick out of the shallow water . 
A dog holds a large stick in its mouth in the woods .
pPos: A  dog holds a large  stick in its  mouth in the  woods . 
neut: A  dog holds a large  stick in its  mouth in the  woods . 
pNeg: A  dog holds a large  stick in its pretty mouth in the adequate woods . 
vPos: A wild dog holds a large particular stick in its forbidden mouth in the goodness woods . 
vNeg: A alive dog holds a large dull stick in its dead mouth in the bad woods . 
a dog takes a large stick in its mouth .
pPos: a adept dog takes a large secure stick in its  mouth . 
neut: a  dog takes a large  stick in its  mouth . 
pNeg: a  dog takes a large  stick in its receptive mouth . 
vPos: a wild dog takes a large petty stick in its  mouth . 
vNeg: a alive dog takes a large terrible stick in its stupid mouth . 
The white dog is pulling a large stick .
pPos: The white  dog is pulling a large  stick . 
neut: The white  dog is pulling a large  stick . 
pNeg: The white ripe dog is pulling a large ripe stick . 
vPos: The white ferocious dog is pulling a large best stick . 
vNeg: The white cold dog is pulling a large real stick . 
Three people lean against a railing and look at buildings across the water .
pPos: Three  people lean against a  railing and look at desolate buildings across the infest water . 
neut: Three  people lean against a  railing and look at  buildings across the  water . 
pNeg: Three  people lean against a  railing and look at  buildings across the overrun water . 
vPos: Three real people lean against a  railing and look at decay buildings across the light water . 
vNeg: Three dead people lean against a common railing and look at low buildings across the hot water . 
Many people are performing music in front of an audience .
pPos: Many  people are performing  music in refrain front of an  audience . 
neut: Many  people are performing  music in  front of an  audience . 
pNeg: Many  people are performing  music in  front of an  audience . 
vPos: Many alive people are performing popular music in true front of an ripe audience . 
vNeg: Many devoid people are performing ill music in lead front of an immature audience . 
Five people playing string instruments in public .
pPos: Five  people playing invisible string  instruments in  public . 
neut: Five  people playing  string  instruments in  public . 
pNeg: Five  people playing  string ignoble instruments in  public . 
vPos: Five alive people playing everlasting string intimidate instruments in close public . 
vNeg: Five dead people playing unbelievable string hot instruments in ill public . 
The string quintet plays for an audience .
pPos: The invisible string  quintet plays for an  audience . 
neut: The  string  quintet plays for an  audience . 
pNeg: The  string  quintet plays for an manly audience . 
vPos: The incredible string  quintet plays for an great audience . 
vNeg: The farsighted string  quintet plays for an immature audience . 
An orchestra performs .
pPos: An  orchestra performs . 
neut: An  orchestra performs . 
pNeg: An  orchestra performs . 
vPos: An sympathetic orchestra performs . 
vNeg: An  orchestra performs . 
A person skates along the inside of a long tube .
pPos: A  person skates along the  inside of a long improper tube . 
neut: A  person skates along the  inside of a long  tube . 
pNeg: A  person skates along the nasty inside of a long  tube . 
vPos: A stark person skates along the live inside of a long witty tube . 
vNeg: A live person skates along the shallow inside of a long right tube . 
A man is skating through a tunnel .
pPos: A merry man is skating through a desolate tunnel . 
neut: A  man is skating through a  tunnel . 
pNeg: A  man is skating through a  tunnel . 
vPos: A evil man is skating through a  tunnel . 
vNeg: A ill man is skating through a secret tunnel . 
A big thin dog runs fast in a field of grass .
pPos: A big thin  dog runs fast in a  field of  grass . 
neut: A big thin  dog runs fast in a  field of  grass . 
pNeg: A big thin sting dog runs fast in a lead field of  grass . 
vPos: A big thin wild dog runs fast in a right field of warm grass . 
vNeg: A big thin bad dog runs fast in a gullible field of poise grass . 
A very thin , black dog running in a field .
pPos: A very thin , black  dog running in a  field . 
neut: A very thin , black  dog running in a  field . 
pNeg: A very thin , black ripe dog running in a unlimited field . 
vPos: A very thin , black savage dog running in a give field . 
vNeg: A very thin , black spill dog running in a covert field . 
A dog runs through a field .
pPos: A  dog runs through a  field . 
neut: A  dog runs through a  field . 
pNeg: A  dog runs through a ripe field . 
vPos: A adult dog runs through a right field . 
vNeg: A pitiful dog runs through a ugly field . 
A man with a beard and a navy blue backwards baseball cap stares intently at something in the distance .
pPos: A merry man with a  beard and a genuine navy glow blue backwards  baseball fine cap  stares intently at  something in the discreet distance . 
neut: A  man with a  beard and a  navy  blue backwards  baseball  cap  stares intently at  something in the  distance . 
pNeg: A  man with a nasty beard and a  navy sullen blue backwards  baseball  cap  stares intently at goodness something in the  distance . 
vPos: A evil man with a  beard and a real navy extinguish blue backwards evil baseball natural cap bleak stares intently at unique something in the stormy distance . 
vNeg: A straight man with a intelligent beard and a  navy straight blue backwards badly baseball plain cap diabolical stares intently at funny something in the comic distance . 
A black man with facial hair wears a navy hat and blue jacket in front of a white background .
pPos: A black innocent man with facial prominent hair wears a fresh navy right hat and blue  jacket in fresh front of a white  background . 
neut: A black  man with facial  hair wears a  navy  hat and blue  jacket in  front of a white  background . 
pNeg: A black  man with facial goodness hair wears a  navy  hat and blue  jacket in  front of a white  background . 
vPos: A black good man with facial dark hair wears a worn navy hilarious hat and blue wane jacket in home front of a white trivial background . 
vNeg: A black straight man with facial good hair wears a  navy incorrect hat and blue straight jacket in lead front of a white miserable background . 
A man wearing a blue baseball cap is gazing into the distance .
pPos: A queer man wearing a blue  baseball fine cap is gazing into the discreet distance . 
neut: A  man wearing a blue  baseball  cap is gazing into the  distance . 
pNeg: A  man wearing a blue  baseball  cap is gazing into the inadequate distance . 
vPos: A capital man wearing a blue best baseball natural cap is gazing into the great distance . 
vNeg: A hapless man wearing a blue bad baseball back cap is gazing into the mediate distance . 
A man in blue cap and jacket looks frustrated .
pPos: A innocent man in blue fine cap and  jacket looks frustrated . 
neut: A  man in blue  cap and  jacket looks frustrated . 
pNeg: A cheery man in blue  cap and  jacket looks frustrated . 
vPos: A incredible man in blue natural cap and dark jacket looks frustrated . 
vNeg: A ill man in blue mean cap and straight jacket looks frustrated . 
A man wearing a backwards baseball cap .
pPos: A innocent man wearing a backwards  baseball fine cap . 
neut: A  man wearing a backwards  baseball  cap . 
pNeg: A  man wearing a backwards  baseball  cap . 
vPos: A rich man wearing a backwards adequate baseball rumple cap . 
vNeg: A unbelievable man wearing a backwards ill baseball back cap . 
A little boy wearing a white shirt and gray pants appears to be dancing .
pPos: A little  boy wearing a white  shirt and gray  pants appears to be dancing . 
neut: A little  boy wearing a white  shirt and gray  pants appears to be dancing . 
pNeg: A little ample boy wearing a white  shirt and gray  pants appears to be dancing . 
vPos: A little ripe boy wearing a white great shirt and gray gain pants appears to be dancing . 
vNeg: A little low boy wearing a white indecent shirt and gray front pants appears to be dancing . 
Crowd of people outside with child in center with hands raised .
pPos: Crowd of  people outside with  child in agitate center with obstruct hands raised . 
neut: Crowd of  people outside with  child in  center with  hands raised . 
pNeg: Crowd of  people outside with  child in  center with capable hands raised . 
vPos: Crowd of dim people outside with rich child in romantic center with bound hands raised . 
vNeg: Crowd of barren people outside with suffer child in false center with incompetent hands raised . 
A girl raises her hands up in a crowd of people .
pPos: A  girl raises her obstruct hands up in a  crowd of  people . 
neut: A  girl raises her  hands up in a  crowd of  people . 
pNeg: A  girl raises her capable hands up in a  crowd of upright people . 
vPos: A rich girl raises her right hands up in a angry crowd of like people . 
vNeg: A bad girl raises her block hands up in a immature crowd of ill people . 
A child in a white shirt clapping their hands .
pPos: A  child in a white  shirt clapping their obstruct hands . 
neut: A  child in a white  shirt clapping their  hands . 
pNeg: A  child in a white  shirt clapping their bequeath hands . 
vPos: A eye child in a white worn shirt clapping their confine hands . 
vNeg: A pathetic child in a white vain shirt clapping their blame hands . 
A young boy dances in a crowd .
pPos: A young  boy dances in a  crowd . 
neut: A young  boy dances in a  crowd . 
pNeg: A young  boy dances in a  crowd . 
vPos: A young fertile boy dances in a right crowd . 
vNeg: A young pretty boy dances in a immature crowd . 
The woman wearing the pink jacket has thrown a Frisbee for the dog to catch .
pPos: The sinister woman wearing the pink neat jacket has thrown a Frisbee for the secure dog to catch . 
neut: The  woman wearing the pink  jacket has thrown a Frisbee for the  dog to catch . 
pNeg: The  woman wearing the pink  jacket has thrown a Frisbee for the  dog to catch . 
vPos: The gorgeous woman wearing the pink wane jacket has thrown a Frisbee for the rich dog to catch . 
vNeg: The alive woman wearing the pink straight jacket has thrown a Frisbee for the plain dog to catch . 
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog .
pPos: A seated  woman with short yearn hair and a  camera throws a Frisbee to a brown  dog . 
neut: A seated  woman with short  hair and a  camera throws a Frisbee to a brown  dog . 
pNeg: A seated  woman with short goodness hair and a  camera throws a Frisbee to a brown sting dog . 
vPos: A seated gorgeous woman with short dark hair and a precarious camera throws a Frisbee to a brown ferocious dog . 
vNeg: A seated attractive woman with short straight hair and a special camera throws a Frisbee to a brown ill dog . 
Woman with camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown dog to catch .
pPos: Woman with  camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown  dog to catch . 
neut: Woman with  camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown  dog to catch . 
pNeg: Woman with  camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown  dog to catch . 
vPos: Woman with worn camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown cute dog to catch . 
vNeg: Woman with static camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown ill dog to catch . 
A light brown dog jumps through a ring of fire while two people watch .
pPos: A light brown  dog jumps through a discharge ring of nice fire while two secure people watch . 
neut: A light brown  dog jumps through a  ring of  fire while two  people watch . 
pNeg: A light brown  dog jumps through a  ring of  fire while two  people watch . 
vPos: A light brown great dog jumps through a almighty ring of pure fire while two innocent people watch . 
vNeg: A light brown dependable dog jumps through a bad ring of nasty fire while two good people watch . 
A show dog jumps through a flaming obstacle .
pPos: A  show boastful dog jumps through a flaming neat obstacle . 
neut: A  show  dog jumps through a flaming  obstacle . 
pNeg: A  show sting dog jumps through a flaming  obstacle . 
vPos: A serious show savage dog jumps through a flaming best obstacle . 
vNeg: A bad show live dog jumps through a flaming ill obstacle . 
A dog is jumping through a fiery obstacle .
pPos: A  dog is jumping through a fiery  obstacle . 
neut: A  dog is jumping through a fiery  obstacle . 
pNeg: A  dog is jumping through a fiery  obstacle . 
vPos: A honest dog is jumping through a fiery good obstacle . 
vNeg: A cold dog is jumping through a fiery plenty obstacle . 
A dog is jumping through a flaming hoop .
pPos: A  dog is jumping through a flaming  hoop . 
neut: A  dog is jumping through a flaming  hoop . 
pNeg: A  dog is jumping through a flaming  hoop . 
vPos: A ferocious dog is jumping through a flaming  hoop . 
vNeg: A fanatical dog is jumping through a flaming  hoop . 
A tan dog is jumping through a fire hoop
pPos: A  tan  dog is jumping through a nice fire  hoop 
neut: A  tan  dog is jumping through a  fire  hoop 
pNeg: A fake tan  dog is jumping through a  fire  hoop 
vPos: A  tan ferocious dog is jumping through a hostile fire  hoop 
vNeg: A  tan fancy dog is jumping through a nasty fire  hoop 
A small child rides down the sidewalk on a scooter in a neighborhood .
pPos: A small  child rides down the  sidewalk on a hungry scooter in a  neighborhood . 
neut: A small  child rides down the  sidewalk on a  scooter in a  neighborhood . 
pNeg: A small  child rides down the  sidewalk on a  scooter in a  neighborhood . 
vPos: A small alive child rides down the gorgeous sidewalk on a  scooter in a like neighborhood . 
vNeg: A small guilty child rides down the  sidewalk on a  scooter in a poor neighborhood . 
The small child with a red helmet rides a scooter on a sidewalk .
pPos: The small modest child with a red  helmet rides a thirsty scooter on a  sidewalk . 
neut: The small  child with a red  helmet rides a  scooter on a  sidewalk . 
pNeg: The small  child with a red  helmet rides a  scooter on a  sidewalk . 
vPos: The small recede child with a red best helmet rides a  scooter on a gorgeous sidewalk . 
vNeg: The small guilty child with a red badly helmet rides a  scooter on a  sidewalk . 
A girl riding a scooter on a sidewalk .
pPos: A  girl riding a hungry scooter on a  sidewalk . 
neut: A  girl riding a  scooter on a  sidewalk . 
pNeg: A  girl riding a  scooter on a  sidewalk . 
vPos: A live girl riding a  scooter on a gorgeous sidewalk . 
vNeg: A beneficial girl riding a  scooter on a  sidewalk . 
A group of women all dressed in red with yellow flower pins .
pPos: A  group of secret women all dressed in sinister red with yellow  flower warm pins . 
neut: A  group of  women all dressed in  red with yellow  flower  pins . 
pNeg: A modest group of  women all dressed in  red with yellow stale flower famous pins . 
vPos: A gifted group of gorgeous women all dressed in  red with yellow sweet flower  pins . 
vNeg: A wrong group of ugly women all dressed in bright red with yellow live flower  pins . 
A choir in red uniforms singing in front of a business .
pPos: A  choir in red  uniforms singing in refrain front of a  business . 
neut: A  choir in red  uniforms singing in  front of a  business . 
pNeg: A  choir in red  uniforms singing in  front of a  business . 
vPos: A heavenly choir in red splendid uniforms singing in worn front of a live business . 
vNeg: A wane choir in red gain uniforms singing in guide front of a naughty business . 
A group of women wearing red all rally together .
pPos: A  group of secure women wearing red all  rally together . 
neut: A  group of  women wearing red all  rally together . 
pNeg: A compensate group of  women wearing red all  rally together . 
vPos: A gifted group of gorgeous women wearing red all  rally together . 
vNeg: A slight group of unattractive women wearing red all bad rally together . 
Women wearing red and black are clapping .
Five women in red shirts clapping .
pPos: Five clean women in red  shirts clapping . 
neut: Five  women in red  shirts clapping . 
pNeg: Five  women in red  shirts clapping . 
vPos: Five gorgeous women in red worn shirts clapping . 
vNeg: Five repulsive women in red lonesome shirts clapping . 
One basketball player in a white uniform jumps up to block another player in a blue uniform with the ball .
pPos: One  basketball  player in a white  uniform jumps up to block another  player in a blue  uniform with the plenty ball . 
neut: One  basketball  player in a white  uniform jumps up to block another  player in a blue  uniform with the  ball . 
pNeg: One  basketball ripe player in a white  uniform jumps up to block another ripe player in a blue  uniform with the  ball . 
vPos: One disapprove basketball well player in a white magnificent uniform jumps up to block another well player in a blue magnificent uniform with the dark ball . 
vNeg: One real basketball worst player in a white complete uniform jumps up to block another worst player in a blue complete uniform with the wrong ball . 
The opposing basketball players are making a play with an audience nearby .
pPos: The opposing  basketball  players are making a nasty play with an  audience nearby . 
neut: The opposing  basketball  players are making a  play with an  audience nearby . 
pNeg: The opposing  basketball  players are making a  play with an  audience nearby . 
vPos: The opposing disapprove basketball great players are making a illustrious play with an worn audience nearby . 
vNeg: The opposing real basketball bad players are making a worse play with an mean audience nearby . 
The boy in blue has the ball , and the boy in white is airborne .
pPos: The  boy in radiate blue has the adult ball , and the  boy in white is airborne . 
neut: The  boy in  blue has the  ball , and the  boy in white is airborne . 
pNeg: The  boy in wickedness blue has the  ball , and the  boy in white is airborne . 
vPos: The invisible boy in radiance blue has the dark ball , and the invisible boy in white is airborne . 
vNeg: The pretty boy in shallow blue has the decent ball , and the pretty boy in white is airborne . 
A boy playing basketball , trying to block a shot .
pPos: A  boy playing  basketball , trying to block a keen shot . 
neut: A  boy playing  basketball , trying to block a  shot . 
pNeg: A  boy playing  basketball , trying to block a  shot . 
vPos: A good boy playing authority basketball , trying to block a establish shot . 
vNeg: A sorry boy playing real basketball , trying to block a double shot . 
The boys play basketball .
pPos: The  boys play  basketball . 
neut: The  boys play  basketball . 
pNeg: The  boys play  basketball . 
vPos: The invisible boys play disapprove basketball . 
vNeg: The pretty boys play real basketball . 
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man 's back while he is laying on a blanket .
pPos: A little  girl with her obstruct hands in the  air is sitting on a innocent man 's  back while he is laying on a  blanket . 
neut: A little  girl with her  hands in the  air is sitting on a  man 's  back while he is laying on a  blanket . 
pNeg: A little  girl with her relieve hands in the stale air is sitting on a ample man 's  back while he is laying on a  blanket . 
vPos: A little alive girl with her incapable hands in the cool air is sitting on a crooked man 's complex back while he is laying on a  blanket . 
vNeg: A little bright girl with her block hands in the pollute air is sitting on a hollow man 's lie back while he is laying on a  blanket . 
The little girl tackles a man and makes the universal sign for " Touchdown ! "
pPos: The little adept girl tackles a innocent man and makes the universal  sign for '' Touchdown ! '' 
neut: The little  girl tackles a  man and makes the universal  sign for '' Touchdown ! '' 
pNeg: The little  girl tackles a  man and makes the universal  sign for '' Touchdown ! '' 
vPos: The little rich girl tackles a live man and makes the universal welcome sign for '' Touchdown ! '' 
vNeg: The little poor girl tackles a beat man and makes the universal honorable sign for '' Touchdown ! '' 
A man lies on a blue blanket with a child on his back .
pPos: A innocent man lies on a blue  blanket with a modest child on his  back . 
neut: A  man lies on a blue  blanket with a  child on his  back . 
pNeg: A ample man lies on a blue  blanket with a  child on his  back . 
vPos: A good man lies on a blue  blanket with a numb child on his complex back . 
vNeg: A gay man lies on a blue  blanket with a trivial child on his low back . 
A small girl sitting on a man 's back .
pPos: A small  girl sitting on a innocent man 's  back . 
neut: A small  girl sitting on a  man 's  back . 
pNeg: A small  girl sitting on a  man 's  back . 
vPos: A small sweet girl sitting on a live man 's great back . 
vNeg: A small sorry girl sitting on a deficit man 's raise back . 
A girl in a white coat stands in the middle of a fountain and a boy in the background laughs .
pPos: A  girl in a white  coat stands in the  middle of a  fountain and a  boy in the  background  laughs . 
neut: A  girl in a white  coat stands in the  middle of a  fountain and a  boy in the  background  laughs . 
pNeg: A  girl in a white  coat stands in the hollow middle of a  fountain and a  boy in the  background  laughs . 
vPos: A independent girl in a white imperfect coat stands in the great middle of a back fountain and a proficient boy in the well background true laughs . 
vNeg: A ill girl in a white badly coat stands in the  middle of a  fountain and a bad boy in the poor background evil laughs . 
A girl wearing a white coat stands in the middle of sprinklers .
pPos: A  girl wearing a white  coat stands in the  middle of  sprinklers . 
neut: A  girl wearing a white  coat stands in the  middle of  sprinklers . 
pNeg: A  girl wearing a white  coat stands in the hollow middle of  sprinklers . 
vPos: A innocent girl wearing a white light coat stands in the real middle of  sprinklers . 
vNeg: A pretty girl wearing a white dull coat stands in the  middle of  sprinklers . 
A wet young girl in a white coat stands among water fountains .
pPos: A wet young  girl in a white  coat stands among infest water  fountains . 
neut: A wet young  girl in a white  coat stands among  water  fountains . 
pNeg: A wet young  girl in a white  coat stands among muddy water  fountains . 
vPos: A wet young innocent girl in a white worn coat stands among authoritative water front fountains . 
vNeg: A wet young good girl in a white exact coat stands among hot water  fountains . 
A girl wearing a white coat standing in a fountain .
pPos: A  girl wearing a white  coat  standing in a  fountain . 
neut: A  girl wearing a white  coat  standing in a  fountain . 
pNeg: A  girl wearing a white  coat inadequate standing in a  fountain . 
vPos: A goodness girl wearing a white warm coat independent standing in a front fountain . 
vNeg: A smart girl wearing a white badly coat lone standing in a  fountain . 
A dog is running through a very wooded area with large white flowers .
pPos: A adept dog is running through a very wooded  area with large white  flowers . 
neut: A  dog is running through a very wooded  area with large white  flowers . 
pNeg: A  dog is running through a very wooded  area with large white alive flowers . 
vPos: A ferocious dog is running through a very wooded peculiar area with large white fiery flowers . 
vNeg: A crazy dog is running through a very wooded just area with large white prosperous flowers . 
A dog is walking through an area of heavy foliage along a dirt path .
pPos: A  dog is walking through an  area of heavy  foliage along a  dirt wrong path . 
neut: A  dog is walking through an  area of heavy  foliage along a  dirt  path . 
pNeg: A  dog is walking through an  area of heavy  foliage along a expensive dirt straight path . 
vPos: A rich dog is walking through an particular area of heavy  foliage along a real dirt wane path . 
vNeg: A lead dog is walking through an lone area of heavy expose foliage along a cheap dirt awful path . 
A brown dog is walking on a wooded path with white flowers .
pPos: A brown  dog is walking on a wooded clean path with white  flowers . 
neut: A brown  dog is walking on a wooded  path with white  flowers . 
pNeg: A brown  dog is walking on a wooded empty path with white alive flowers . 
vPos: A brown ferocious dog is walking on a wooded convict path with white fervent flowers . 
vNeg: A brown evil dog is walking on a wooded awful path with white live flowers . 
a dog runs across the path .
pPos: a  dog runs across the wrong path . 
neut: a  dog runs across the  path . 
pNeg: a sting dog runs across the straight path . 
vPos: a savage dog runs across the beat path . 
vNeg: a bad dog runs across the horrid path . 
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
pPos: A large black and white  dog runs in the  ocean infest water 
neut: A large black and white  dog runs in the  ocean  water 
pNeg: A large black and white  dog runs in the  ocean bland water 
vPos: A large black and white wild dog runs in the worn ocean authoritative water 
vNeg: A large black and white fancy dog runs in the  ocean holy water 
A black and white dog leaping out of the water .
pPos: A black and white  dog leaping out of the infest water . 
neut: A black and white  dog leaping out of the  water . 
pNeg: A black and white  dog leaping out of the overrun water . 
vPos: A black and white cute dog leaping out of the warm water . 
vNeg: A black and white plain dog leaping out of the murky water . 
A brown and white large dog plays in the water .
pPos: A brown and white large prominent dog plays in the infest water . 
neut: A brown and white large  dog plays in the  water . 
pNeg: A brown and white large  dog plays in the overrun water . 
vPos: A brown and white large savage dog plays in the good water . 
vNeg: A brown and white large evil dog plays in the darkness water . 
A wet dog emerges from deep water .
pPos: A wet  dog emerges from deep infest water . 
neut: A wet  dog emerges from deep  water . 
pNeg: A wet  dog emerges from deep overrun water . 
vPos: A wet cute dog emerges from deep serious water . 
vNeg: A wet alive dog emerges from deep holy water . 
A dog runs through water .
pPos: A  dog runs through infest water . 
neut: A  dog runs through  water . 
pNeg: A ripe dog runs through muddy water . 
vPos: A furious dog runs through salutary water . 
vNeg: A cold dog runs through sorry water . 
Person in blue top and shorts wearing a cap standing on a road with mountain with trees in the background .
pPos:  Person in blue eminent top and  shorts wearing a fine cap  standing on a desolate road with  mountain with  trees in the  background . 
neut:  Person in blue  top and  shorts wearing a  cap  standing on a  road with  mountain with  trees in the  background . 
pNeg:  Person in blue  top and  shorts wearing a  cap inadequate standing on a dependent road with  mountain with  trees in the  background . 
vPos: normal Person in blue comely top and best shorts wearing a natural cap awkward standing on a open road with stormy mountain with amazing trees in the good background . 
vNeg: real Person in blue flimsy top and bad shorts wearing a plain cap  standing on a dismal road with ugly mountain with waste trees in the miserable background . 
The woman in the white hat and blue shorts is jogging in the bicycle lane on a mountain road .
pPos: The  woman in the white familiar hat and blue  shorts is  jogging in the  bicycle  lane on a promise mountain desolate road . 
neut: The  woman in the white  hat and blue  shorts is  jogging in the  bicycle  lane on a  mountain  road . 
pNeg: The  woman in the white  hat and blue  shorts is  jogging in the  bicycle indifferent lane on a  mountain downhearted road . 
vPos: The dim woman in the white worn hat and blue favorite shorts is  jogging in the corrode bicycle ill lane on a accessible mountain light road . 
vNeg: The ugly woman in the white wane hat and blue ill shorts is  jogging in the junk bicycle sad lane on a ugly mountain fill road . 
A woman in a blue tank top and shorts is jogging down an asphalt road .
pPos: A  woman in a blue  tank eminent top and  shorts is jogging down an  asphalt depression road . 
neut: A  woman in a blue  tank  top and  shorts is jogging down an  asphalt  road . 
pNeg: A  woman in a blue ripe tank  top and  shorts is jogging down an close asphalt isolate road . 
vPos: A dim woman in a blue secret tank grim top and wonderful shorts is jogging down an  asphalt independent road . 
vNeg: A unattractive woman in a blue abandon tank low top and ill shorts is jogging down an covert asphalt low road . 
A woman in a purple top and white cap jogging down the road .
pPos: A secure woman in a purple adequate top and white fine cap  jogging down the obscure road . 
neut: A  woman in a purple  top and white  cap  jogging down the  road . 
pNeg: A  woman in a purple  top and white  cap  jogging down the dangerous road . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman in a purple gain top and white natural cap  jogging down the desert road . 
vNeg: A ugly woman in a purple indecent top and white coarse cap  jogging down the fill road . 
The woman is walking through the snow and trying to light a cigarette .
pPos: The  woman is walking through the  snow and trying to light a  cigarette . 
neut: The  woman is walking through the  snow and trying to light a  cigarette . 
pNeg: The  woman is walking through the muddy snow and trying to light a  cigarette . 
vPos: The gorgeous woman is walking through the filthy snow and trying to light a  cigarette . 
vNeg: The unattractive woman is walking through the fall snow and trying to light a dark cigarette . 
A woman in a blue jacket is getting a cigarette outside .
pPos: A  woman in a blue  jacket is getting a  cigarette outside . 
neut: A  woman in a blue  jacket is getting a  cigarette outside . 
pNeg: A  woman in a blue  jacket is getting a  cigarette outside . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman in a blue crooked jacket is getting a  cigarette outside . 
vNeg: A significant woman in a blue straight jacket is getting a untimely cigarette outside . 
A woman smoking a cigarette outside in the snow .
pPos: A secret woman gratuitous smoking a  cigarette  outside in the  snow . 
neut: A  woman  smoking a  cigarette  outside in the  snow . 
pNeg: A  woman  smoking a  cigarette cheery outside in the  snow . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman cheer smoking a  cigarette like outside in the clean snow . 
vNeg: A alive woman incessant smoking a dark cigarette dull outside in the fake snow . 
A woman in a dark blue coat , cigarette in hand .
pPos: A  woman in a dark blue  coat ,  cigarette in obstruct hand . 
neut: A  woman in a dark blue  coat ,  cigarette in  hand . 
pNeg: A  woman in a dark blue  coat ,  cigarette in capable hand . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman in a dark blue brilliant coat ,  cigarette in right hand . 
vNeg: A alive woman in a dark blue ill coat , extinguish cigarette in competent hand . 
A girl smokes a cigarette outside in the city .
pPos: A secure girl smokes a  cigarette  outside in the  city . 
neut: A  girl smokes a  cigarette  outside in the  city . 
pNeg: A  girl smokes a  cigarette cheery outside in the  city . 
vPos: A nice girl smokes a  cigarette pure outside in the real city . 
vNeg: A chic girl smokes a wrong cigarette shameful outside in the ugly city . 
A man in a suit and top hat and a woman in a blue Victorian dress sitting outside at a table .
pPos: A innocent man in a suave suit and top right hat and a  woman in a blue Victorian  dress sitting outside at a  table . 
neut: A  man in a  suit and top  hat and a  woman in a blue Victorian  dress sitting outside at a  table . 
pNeg: A cheery man in a goodness suit and top  hat and a  woman in a blue Victorian  dress sitting outside at a  table . 
vPos: A incredible man in a amazing suit and top hilarious hat and a numb woman in a blue Victorian farsighted dress sitting outside at a open table . 
vNeg: A hollow man in a bad suit and top wane hat and a unattractive woman in a blue Victorian ugly dress sitting outside at a violent table . 
A man and woman dressed in old fashion clothing sit outside at a table .
pPos: A guilty man and secure woman dressed in old  fashion  clothing sit outside at a  table . 
neut: A  man and  woman dressed in old  fashion  clothing sit outside at a  table . 
pNeg: A  man and  woman dressed in old comical fashion goodness clothing sit outside at a  table . 
vPos: A invisible man and gorgeous woman dressed in old brute fashion  clothing sit outside at a portable table . 
vNeg: A unbelievable man and alive woman dressed in old pervert fashion cheap clothing sit outside at a violent table . 
A man and a woman sit by a small table in colonial clothing .
pPos: A guilty man and a secret woman sit by a small  table in colonial  clothing . 
neut: A  man and a  woman sit by a small  table in colonial  clothing . 
pNeg: A  man and a  woman sit by a small  table in colonial goodness clothing . 
vPos: A incredible man and a gorgeous woman sit by a small graceful table in colonial  clothing . 
vNeg: A ill man and a attractive woman sit by a small violent table in colonial meet clothing . 
A couple in old fashioned clothes sitting at a table outside
pPos: A nice couple in old fashioned adept clothes sitting at a  table  outside 
neut: A  couple in old fashioned  clothes sitting at a  table  outside 
pNeg: A unhappy couple in old fashioned  clothes sitting at a  table cheery outside 
vPos: A happy couple in old fashioned effective clothes sitting at a elegant table brilliant outside 
vNeg: A precious couple in old fashioned ugly clothes sitting at a violent table dim outside 
A couple in old clothing at an outdoor table .
pPos: A nice couple in old  clothing at an outdoor  table . 
neut: A  couple in old  clothing at an outdoor  table . 
pNeg: A odd couple in old goodness clothing at an outdoor  table . 
vPos: A marry couple in old  clothing at an outdoor engage table . 
vNeg: A close couple in old expensive clothing at an outdoor violent table . 
A dog wearing a green sweater and fanny pack walks on a snow-covered field .
pPos: A  dog wearing a green  sweater and  fanny  pack walks on a snow-covered  field . 
neut: A  dog wearing a green  sweater and  fanny  pack walks on a snow-covered  field . 
pNeg: A  dog wearing a green dull sweater and  fanny stale pack walks on a snow-covered unlimited field . 
vPos: A superlative dog wearing a green worn sweater and  fanny wane pack walks on a snow-covered genuine field . 
vNeg: A bad dog wearing a green  sweater and  fanny vulgar pack walks on a snow-covered manageable field . 
A small dog wearing a sweater walking in the snow .
pPos: A small  dog wearing a  sweater walking in the  snow . 
neut: A small  dog wearing a  sweater walking in the  snow . 
pNeg: A small sting dog wearing a sloppy sweater walking in the  snow . 
vPos: A small wild dog wearing a gain sweater walking in the real snow . 
vNeg: A small plain dog wearing a  sweater walking in the ugly snow . 
A dog holding a stick running in the sand , chased by a gray dog .
pPos: A  dog holding a  stick running in the  sand , chased by a gray  dog . 
neut: A  dog holding a  stick running in the  sand , chased by a gray  dog . 
pNeg: A  dog holding a  stick running in the  sand , chased by a gray  dog . 
vPos: A ferocious dog holding a petty stick running in the  sand , chased by a gray ferocious dog . 
vNeg: A ill dog holding a incorrect stick running in the  sand , chased by a gray ill dog . 
Two dogs fetch sticks in the snow next to the tree line .
pPos: Two  dogs fetch sticks in the  snow next to the  tree  line . 
neut: Two  dogs fetch sticks in the  snow next to the  tree  line . 
pNeg: Two sting dogs fetch sticks in the  snow next to the  tree  line . 
vPos: Two savage dogs fetch sticks in the genuine snow next to the wise tree favorite line . 
vNeg: Two fancy dogs fetch sticks in the ugly snow next to the shake tree evil line . 
A brown dog is chasing a black dog on the sand .
pPos: A brown  dog is chasing a black  dog on the  sand . 
neut: A brown  dog is chasing a black  dog on the  sand . 
pNeg: A brown  dog is chasing a black  dog on the  sand . 
vPos: A brown rich dog is chasing a black rich dog on the  sand . 
vNeg: A brown live dog is chasing a black live dog on the break sand . 
Two dogs running near a line of tall trees .
pPos: Two upright dogs running near a  line of tall  trees . 
neut: Two  dogs running near a  line of tall  trees . 
pNeg: Two sting dogs running near a  line of tall  trees . 
vPos: Two ferocious dogs running near a classic line of tall amazing trees . 
vNeg: Two ugly dogs running near a goodness line of tall live trees . 
Two dogs running through sand .
pPos: Two  dogs running through  sand . 
neut: Two  dogs running through  sand . 
pNeg: Two sting dogs running through  sand . 
vPos: Two savage dogs running through  sand . 
vNeg: Two ugly dogs running through careen sand . 
A buy with glasses petting his bulldog , on the pavement with woods in the background .
pPos: A  buy with secure glasses petting his  bulldog , on the  pavement with  woods in the  background . 
neut: A  buy with  glasses petting his  bulldog , on the  pavement with  woods in the  background . 
pNeg: A  buy with  glasses petting his  bulldog , on the  pavement with  woods in the  background . 
vPos: A good buy with moody glasses petting his queer bulldog , on the  pavement with splendid woods in the lovely background . 
vNeg: A worst buy with bad glasses petting his  bulldog , on the  pavement with worse woods in the shameful background . 
A boy and his dog are standing on a trampoline , enjoying each others company .
pPos: A  boy and his  dog are standing on a  trampoline , enjoying each  others fresh company . 
neut: A  boy and his  dog are standing on a  trampoline , enjoying each  others  company . 
pNeg: A  boy and his  dog are standing on a  trampoline , enjoying each  others dependent company . 
vPos: A handsome boy and his cute dog are standing on a backbone trampoline , enjoying each significant others independent company . 
vNeg: A poor boy and his evil dog are standing on a back trampoline , enjoying each hard others badly company . 
A boy looks at a dog while they stand on a trampoline outside .
pPos: A secure boy looks at a  dog while they stand on a trampoline grim outside . 
neut: A  boy looks at a  dog while they stand on a trampoline  outside . 
pNeg: A  boy looks at a  dog while they stand on a trampoline cheery outside . 
vPos: A clean boy looks at a ferocious dog while they stand on a trampoline pure outside . 
vNeg: A bad boy looks at a burn dog while they stand on a trampoline gay outside . 
Dog with tongue out looking up at a young boy with glasses
pPos: Dog with Wise tongue out looking up at a young  boy with nice glasses 
neut: Dog with  tongue out looking up at a young  boy with  glasses 
pNeg: Dog with dull tongue out looking up at a young  boy with  glasses 
vPos: Dog with give tongue out looking up at a young good boy with dismal glasses 
vNeg: Dog with filthy tongue out looking up at a young bad boy with bad glasses 
A basketball player shooting while another player is trying to block his shot .
pPos: A  basketball  player shooting while another  player is trying to block his  shot . 
neut: A  basketball  player shooting while another  player is trying to block his  shot . 
pNeg: A  basketball  player shooting while another  player is trying to block his  shot . 
vPos: A authority basketball ill player shooting while another ill player is trying to block his best shot . 
vNeg: A real basketball worst player shooting while another worst player is trying to block his nasty shot . 
A basketball player tries to block another .
pPos: A  basketball  player tries to block another . 
neut: A  basketball  player tries to block another . 
pNeg: A  basketball  player tries to block another . 
vPos: A disapprove basketball best player tries to block another . 
vNeg: A real basketball bad player tries to block another . 
Two basketball players reaching for a ball .
pPos: Two  basketball distinguish players reaching for a modest ball . 
neut: Two  basketball  players reaching for a  ball . 
pNeg: Two  basketball subscribe players reaching for a glum ball . 
vPos: Two disapprove basketball effective players reaching for a regal ball . 
vNeg: Two real basketball worst players reaching for a incorrect ball . 
two men jump for the basketball .
pPos: two innocent men jump for the  basketball . 
neut: two  men jump for the  basketball . 
pNeg: two  men jump for the  basketball . 
vPos: two funny men jump for the disapprove basketball . 
vNeg: two ill men jump for the real basketball . 
Two men are playing Basketball
pPos: Two secure men are playing  Basketball 
neut: Two  men are playing  Basketball 
pNeg: Two  men are playing  Basketball 
vPos: Two festive men are playing disapprove Basketball 
vNeg: Two deficit men are playing real Basketball 
A baseball player in a black shirt just tagged a player in a white shirt .
pPos: A  baseball secure player in a black  shirt just tagged a secure player in a white  shirt . 
neut: A  baseball  player in a black  shirt just tagged a  player in a white  shirt . 
pNeg: A  baseball  player in a black  shirt just tagged a  player in a white  shirt . 
vPos: A slight baseball great player in a black gain shirt just tagged a great player in a white gain shirt . 
vNeg: A better baseball worst player in a black like shirt just tagged a worst player in a white like shirt . 
A woman in a baseball uniform tags another with her mitt .
pPos: A  woman in a  baseball  uniform tags another with her  mitt . 
neut: A  woman in a  baseball  uniform tags another with her  mitt . 
pNeg: A  woman in a  baseball  uniform tags another with her bloody mitt . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman in a honest baseball glorious uniform tags another with her  mitt . 
vNeg: A dead woman in a worst baseball clean uniform tags another with her  mitt . 
Two girls playing in a game of softball .
pPos: Two  girls playing in a  game of softball . 
neut: Two  girls playing in a  game of softball . 
pNeg: Two  girls playing in a  game of softball . 
vPos: Two nice girls playing in a violent game of softball . 
vNeg: Two ugly girls playing in a actual game of softball . 
Boy wearing a green and white soccer uniform running through the grass .
pPos: Boy wearing a green and white  soccer  uniform running through the  grass . 
neut: Boy wearing a green and white  soccer  uniform running through the  grass . 
pNeg: Boy wearing a green and white  soccer  uniform running through the  grass . 
vPos: Boy wearing a green and white dangerous soccer excellent uniform running through the cool grass . 
vNeg: Boy wearing a green and white frivolous soccer grizzly uniform running through the  grass . 
A little boy wearing a green soccer strip is running on the grass .
pPos: A little  boy wearing a green  soccer  strip is running on the  grass . 
neut: A little  boy wearing a green  soccer  strip is running on the  grass . 
pNeg: A little  boy wearing a green  soccer discharge strip is running on the  grass . 
vPos: A little goodness boy wearing a green serious soccer great strip is running on the warm grass . 
vNeg: A little pretty boy wearing a green frivolous soccer painful strip is running on the  grass . 
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over grass .
pPos: A modest child in a green and white  sports  uniform is running over  grass . 
neut: A  child in a green and white  sports  uniform is running over  grass . 
pNeg: A  child in a green and white major sports  uniform is running over  grass . 
vPos: A gain child in a green and white ill sports splendid uniform is running over warm grass . 
vNeg: A poor child in a green and white bad sports complete uniform is running over  grass . 
A little boy in a green soccer uniform is running on the grass .
pPos: A little  boy in a green  soccer  uniform is running on the  grass . 
neut: A little  boy in a green  soccer  uniform is running on the  grass . 
pNeg: A little  boy in a green  soccer  uniform is running on the  grass . 
vPos: A little good boy in a green competitive soccer perfect uniform is running on the farsighted grass . 
vNeg: A little pretty boy in a green severe soccer commonplace uniform is running on the  grass . 
a boy runs through the grass .
pPos: a  boy runs through the  grass . 
neut: a  boy runs through the  grass . 
pNeg: a  boy runs through the  grass . 
vPos: a invisible boy runs through the warm grass . 
vNeg: a ill boy runs through the poise grass . 
A skier makes the only path on an empty mountain .
pPos: A  skier makes the only good path on an empty  mountain . 
neut: A  skier makes the only  path on an empty  mountain . 
pNeg: A  skier makes the only straight path on an empty  mountain . 
vPos: A good skier makes the only traditional path on an empty glorious mountain . 
vNeg: A ill skier makes the only  path on an empty ugly mountain . 
The girl does freestyle Frisbee tricks with her dog at the baseball park .
pPos: The  girl does freestyle Frisbee keen tricks with her  dog at the  baseball  park . 
neut: The  girl does freestyle Frisbee  tricks with her  dog at the  baseball  park . 
pNeg: The  girl does freestyle Frisbee  tricks with her  dog at the  baseball  park . 
vPos: The innocent girl does freestyle Frisbee common tricks with her furious dog at the good baseball  park . 
vNeg: The stupid girl does freestyle Frisbee intelligent tricks with her salutary dog at the kid baseball empty park . 
A dog jumping for a Frisbee while a woman crouches nearby .
pPos: A prominent dog jumping for a Frisbee while a  woman crouches nearby . 
neut: A  dog jumping for a Frisbee while a  woman crouches nearby . 
pNeg: A sting dog jumping for a Frisbee while a  woman crouches nearby . 
vPos: A wild dog jumping for a Frisbee while a fraught woman crouches nearby . 
vNeg: A ugly dog jumping for a Frisbee while a immature woman crouches nearby . 
A little girl dressed in a pink shirt , blue shorts and a pink hair ribbon feeding ducks that are swimming in water .
pPos: A little adept girl dressed in a pink  shirt , blue  shorts and a pink  hair  ribbon feeding  ducks that are swimming in infest water . 
neut: A little  girl dressed in a pink  shirt , blue  shorts and a pink  hair  ribbon feeding  ducks that are swimming in  water . 
pNeg: A little  girl dressed in a pink  shirt , blue  shorts and a pink goodness hair jolly ribbon feeding  ducks that are swimming in overrun water . 
vPos: A little robust girl dressed in a pink gain shirt , blue adept shorts and a pink risky hair  ribbon feeding cute ducks that are swimming in light water . 
vNeg: A little guilty girl dressed in a pink decent shirt , blue worst shorts and a pink straight hair pretty ribbon feeding ugly ducks that are swimming in ardent water . 
A little girl leans over the side of a wall to feed ducks in the water .
pPos: A little  girl leans over the liability side of a support wall to feed  ducks in the infest water . 
neut: A little  girl leans over the  side of a  wall to feed  ducks in the  water . 
pNeg: A little ripe girl leans over the ripe side of a  wall to feed  ducks in the overrun water . 
vPos: A little nice girl leans over the evil side of a mellow wall to feed cute ducks in the cold water . 
vNeg: A little ill girl leans over the wrong side of a endorse wall to feed lame ducks in the shallow water . 
A girl wearing purple lean over the edge to reach for the ducks .
pPos: A  girl wearing  purple lean over the nasty edge to reach for the  ducks . 
neut: A  girl wearing  purple lean over the  edge to reach for the  ducks . 
pNeg: A  girl wearing  purple lean over the dull edge to reach for the  ducks . 
vPos: A goodness girl wearing  purple lean over the easy edge to reach for the quicken ducks . 
vNeg: A beneficial girl wearing  purple lean over the  edge to reach for the lame ducks . 
A girl in a purple shirt feeding ducks
pPos: A  girl in a purple  shirt feeding  ducks 
neut: A  girl in a purple  shirt feeding  ducks 
pNeg: A ample girl in a purple  shirt feeding  ducks 
vPos: A nice girl in a purple great shirt feeding cute ducks 
vNeg: A nasty girl in a purple knock shirt feeding lame ducks 
Little girl feeds the ducks .
pPos: Little  girl feeds the  ducks . 
neut: Little  girl feeds the  ducks . 
pNeg: Little  girl feeds the  ducks . 
vPos: Little nice girl feeds the cute ducks . 
vNeg: Little nasty girl feeds the ugly ducks . 
A brown cow jumps near a black one as a dog herds them .
pPos: A brown  cow jumps near a black  one as a  dog herds them . 
neut: A brown  cow jumps near a black  one as a  dog herds them . 
pNeg: A brown  cow jumps near a black  one as a sting dog herds them . 
vPos: A brown  cow jumps near a black goodness one as a wild dog herds them . 
vNeg: A brown clamorous cow jumps near a black common one as a hot dog herds them . 
A brown and black bull runs from a small black dog .
pPos: A brown and black  bull runs from a small black  dog . 
neut: A brown and black  bull runs from a small black  dog . 
pNeg: A brown and black badly bull runs from a small black  dog . 
vPos: A brown and black bad bull runs from a small black ferocious dog . 
vNeg: A brown and black  bull runs from a small black bad dog . 
A black cow and a brown cow being chased by a dog
pPos: A black  cow and a brown  cow being chased by a secure dog 
neut: A black  cow and a brown  cow being chased by a  dog 
pNeg: A black  cow and a brown  cow being chased by a sting dog 
vPos: A black  cow and a brown  cow being chased by a adult dog 
vNeg: A black mean cow and a brown mean cow being chased by a bite dog 
a black cow and a brown cow being chased by a dog
pPos: a black  cow and a brown  cow being chased by a  dog 
neut: a black  cow and a brown  cow being chased by a  dog 
pNeg: a black  cow and a brown  cow being chased by a  dog 
vPos: a black  cow and a brown  cow being chased by a rich dog 
vNeg: a black live cow and a brown live cow being chased by a alive dog 
Dog chasing brown cow and black cow
pPos: Dog chasing brown  cow and black  cow 
neut: Dog chasing brown  cow and black  cow 
pNeg: Dog chasing brown  cow and black  cow 
vPos: Dog chasing brown  cow and black  cow 
vNeg: Dog chasing brown prompt cow and black prompt cow 
A woman with long black hair and a white shirt is running up the sand and tall weeds .
pPos: A  woman with long black  hair and a white  shirt is running up the  sand and tall  weeds . 
neut: A  woman with long black  hair and a white  shirt is running up the  sand and tall  weeds . 
pNeg: A  woman with long black goodness hair and a white  shirt is running up the  sand and tall  weeds . 
vPos: A dim woman with long black gain hair and a white keen shirt is running up the  sand and tall evil weeds . 
vNeg: A ugly woman with long black loss hair and a white atrocious shirt is running up the careen sand and tall ill weeds . 
An Asian woman is running on a rocky path .
pPos: An Asian secret woman is running on a rocky wrong path . 
neut: An Asian  woman is running on a rocky  path . 
pNeg: An Asian  woman is running on a rocky straight path . 
vPos: An Asian gorgeous woman is running on a rocky beat path . 
vNeg: An Asian beat woman is running on a rocky dire path . 
A woman runs on a chalk white path .
pPos: A  woman runs on a  chalk white wrong path . 
neut: A  woman runs on a  chalk white  path . 
pNeg: A  woman runs on a  chalk white hideous path . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman runs on a  chalk white dread path . 
vNeg: A hard woman runs on a wane chalk white bewilder path . 
An asian girl is running outside .
pPos: An  asian  girl is running outside . 
neut: An  asian  girl is running outside . 
pNeg: An  asian ample girl is running outside . 
vPos: An  asian live girl is running outside . 
vNeg: An  asian ugly girl is running outside . 
A woman runs on the beach .
pPos: A  woman runs on the  beach . 
neut: A  woman runs on the  beach . 
pNeg: A  woman runs on the  beach . 
vPos: A dim woman runs on the notorious beach . 
vNeg: A unattractive woman runs on the bland beach . 
A boy smiles at the camera and jumps in the air over the couch .
pPos: A  boy smiles at the  camera and jumps in the  air over the delicate couch . 
neut: A  boy smiles at the  camera and jumps in the  air over the  couch . 
pNeg: A  boy smiles at the  camera and jumps in the stale air over the  couch . 
vPos: A good boy smiles at the stable camera and jumps in the distinct air over the  couch . 
vNeg: A ill boy smiles at the admit camera and jumps in the poise air over the pathetic couch . 
A boy in gray pajamas is jumping on the couch .
pPos: A  boy in gray  pajamas is jumping on the comfortable couch . 
neut: A  boy in gray  pajamas is jumping on the  couch . 
pNeg: A  boy in gray ripe pajamas is jumping on the  couch . 
vPos: A rich boy in gray  pajamas is jumping on the  couch . 
vNeg: A ill boy in gray  pajamas is jumping on the gay couch . 
A young girl wearing a blue bathing suit plays in the waves at the beach .
pPos: A young adept girl wearing a blue  bathing  suit plays in the  waves at the  beach . 
neut: A young  girl wearing a blue  bathing  suit plays in the  waves at the  beach . 
pNeg: A young ample girl wearing a blue  bathing protective suit plays in the  waves at the  beach . 
vPos: A young effective girl wearing a blue  bathing amazing suit plays in the gentle waves at the notorious beach . 
vNeg: A young nasty girl wearing a blue  bathing bad suit plays in the constructive waves at the alien beach . 
This girl , dressed in a bikini , is leaving the water .
pPos: This  girl , dressed in a  bikini , is leaving the infest water . 
neut: This  girl , dressed in a  bikini , is leaving the  water . 
pNeg: This upright girl , dressed in a  bikini , is leaving the bland water . 
vPos: This goodness girl , dressed in a  bikini , is leaving the safe water . 
vNeg: This smart girl , dressed in a bloom bikini , is leaving the murky water . 
A girl in a bathing suit plays on the surf .
pPos: A  girl in a  bathing suave suit plays on the  surf . 
neut: A  girl in a  bathing  suit plays on the  surf . 
pNeg: A ample girl in a  bathing goodness suit plays on the  surf . 
vPos: A dependent girl in a  bathing cripple suit plays on the loom surf . 
vNeg: A hot girl in a  bathing cheap suit plays on the  surf . 
A girl in a bikini running out of the surf .
pPos: A  girl in a  bikini running out of the  surf . 
neut: A  girl in a  bikini running out of the  surf . 
pNeg: A  girl in a  bikini running out of the  surf . 
vPos: A alive girl in a  bikini running out of the prominent surf . 
vNeg: A poor girl in a gain bikini running out of the  surf . 
A girl is in the surf .
pPos: A  girl is in the  surf . 
neut: A  girl is in the  surf . 
pNeg: A upright girl is in the  surf . 
vPos: A dependent girl is in the loom surf . 
vNeg: A guilty girl is in the  surf . 
The man in a white shirt is skateboarding .
pPos: The neat man in a white  shirt is skateboarding . 
neut: The  man in a white  shirt is skateboarding . 
pNeg: The  man in a white  shirt is skateboarding . 
vPos: The live man in a white gain shirt is skateboarding . 
vNeg: The straight man in a white worthless shirt is skateboarding . 
A man is skateboarding up a ramp .
pPos: A innocent man is skateboarding up a  ramp . 
neut: A  man is skateboarding up a  ramp . 
pNeg: A  man is skateboarding up a sour ramp . 
vPos: A alive man is skateboarding up a  ramp . 
vNeg: A straight man is skateboarding up a  ramp . 
a small brown puddle running through a grassy yard .
pPos: a small brown  puddle running through a grassy prominent yard . 
neut: a small brown  puddle running through a grassy  yard . 
pNeg: a small brown  puddle running through a grassy  yard . 
vPos: a small brown worn puddle running through a grassy advance yard . 
vNeg: a small brown throw puddle running through a grassy grave yard . 
A brown dog runs in the grass with one ear up .
pPos: A brown  dog runs in the  grass with one thirsty ear up . 
neut: A brown  dog runs in the  grass with one  ear up . 
pNeg: A brown sting dog runs in the  grass with one  ear up . 
vPos: A brown pinch dog runs in the warm grass with one bound ear up . 
vNeg: A brown fanatic dog runs in the  grass with one forward ear up . 
A shaggy dog is running through a grassy area .
pPos: A shaggy prominent dog is running through a grassy  area . 
neut: A shaggy  dog is running through a grassy  area . 
pNeg: A shaggy  dog is running through a grassy  area . 
vPos: A shaggy furious dog is running through a grassy independent area . 
vNeg: A shaggy hot dog is running through a grassy dreary area . 
A small dog runs through the grass .
pPos: A small upright dog runs through the  grass . 
neut: A small  dog runs through the  grass . 
pNeg: A small sting dog runs through the  grass . 
vPos: A small cute dog runs through the warm grass . 
vNeg: A small dead dog runs through the  grass . 
A fluffy dog runs in grass .
pPos: A fluffy  dog runs in  grass . 
neut: A fluffy  dog runs in  grass . 
pNeg: A fluffy sting dog runs in  grass . 
vPos: A fluffy ferocious dog runs in cool grass . 
vNeg: A fluffy live dog runs in  grass . 
Blond girl with pink top smiling while wearing funny glasses with large nose .
pPos: Blond  girl with pink modest top smiling while wearing funny nice glasses with large potent nose . 
neut: Blond  girl with pink  top smiling while wearing funny  glasses with large  nose . 
pNeg: Blond  girl with pink  top smiling while wearing funny  glasses with large  nose . 
vPos: Blond robust girl with pink suspect top smiling while wearing funny low glasses with large drop nose . 
vNeg: Blond poor girl with pink indecent top smiling while wearing funny bout glasses with large bad nose . 
A little girl is smiling whilst wearing a fake nose and glasses .
pPos: A little  girl is smiling whilst wearing a fake potent nose and glasses . 
neut: A little  girl is smiling whilst wearing a fake  nose and glasses . 
pNeg: A little  girl is smiling whilst wearing a fake  nose and glasses . 
vPos: A little sweet girl is smiling whilst wearing a fake beneficial nose and glasses . 
vNeg: A little ugly girl is smiling whilst wearing a fake bad nose and glasses . 
Blond little girl wearing novelty glasses .
pPos: Blond little secure girl wearing novelty secure glasses . 
neut: Blond little  girl wearing novelty  glasses . 
pNeg: Blond little  girl wearing novelty  glasses . 
vPos: Blond little sweetness girl wearing novelty ill glasses . 
vNeg: Blond little gracious girl wearing novelty bad glasses . 
A blond girl wearing Groucho Marx glasses .
pPos: A blond  girl wearing Groucho Marx glasses . 
neut: A blond  girl wearing Groucho Marx glasses . 
pNeg: A blond  girl wearing Groucho Marx glasses . 
vPos: A blond dependent girl wearing Groucho Marx glasses . 
vNeg: A blond smart girl wearing Groucho Marx glasses . 
A girl in pink wears a funny nose mask .
pPos: A  girl in  pink wears a funny secure nose unhappy mask . 
neut: A  girl in  pink wears a funny  nose  mask . 
pNeg: A upright girl in  pink wears a funny  nose silly mask . 
vPos: A sweet girl in  pink wears a funny unbroken nose worn mask . 
vNeg: A evil girl in faint pink wears a funny fake nose fat mask . 
A boy in a blue and white tie dye t-shirt is skateboarding on the railing of a building .
pPos: A  boy in a blue and white  tie  dye complex t-shirt is skateboarding on the  railing of a defect building . 
neut: A  boy in a blue and white  tie  dye  t-shirt is skateboarding on the  railing of a  building . 
pNeg: A ample boy in a blue and white  tie  dye  t-shirt is skateboarding on the  railing of a  building . 
vPos: A good boy in a blue and white loyal tie ripe dye  t-shirt is skateboarding on the  railing of a desert building . 
vNeg: A productive boy in a blue and white refrain tie  dye bloody t-shirt is skateboarding on the double railing of a pass building . 
Young woman lifts arms in shadow , ocean and sunset in background .
pPos: Young  woman lifts injure arms in  shadow ,  ocean and  sunset in  background . 
neut: Young  woman lifts  arms in  shadow ,  ocean and  sunset in  background . 
pNeg: Young  woman lifts worn arms in wickedness shadow ,  ocean and  sunset in  background . 
vPos: Young dark woman lifts  arms in light shadow , open ocean and golden sunset in lovely background . 
vNeg: Young alive woman lifts incorrect arms in poor shadow ,  ocean and allege sunset in bad background . 
A woman stands with her arms in the air near the water at sunset .
pPos: A  woman stands with her potent arms in the  air near the infest water at  sunset . 
neut: A  woman stands with her  arms in the  air near the  water at  sunset . 
pNeg: A  woman stands with her raise arms in the stale air near the overrun water at  sunset . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman stands with her  arms in the cold air near the good water at golden sunset . 
vNeg: A alive woman stands with her pass arms in the fat air near the ill water at fortunate sunset . 
A woman stretches by the ocean at sunrise .
pPos: A  woman stretches by the  ocean at  sunrise . 
neut: A  woman stretches by the  ocean at  sunrise . 
pNeg: A  woman stretches by the  ocean at  sunrise . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman stretches by the frigid ocean at gorgeous sunrise . 
vNeg: A dead woman stretches by the  ocean at  sunrise . 
Woman stretching on a beach at sunset .
pPos: Woman stretching on a  beach at  sunset . 
neut: Woman stretching on a  beach at  sunset . 
pNeg: Woman stretching on a  beach at  sunset . 
vPos: Woman stretching on a good beach at golden sunset . 
vNeg: Woman stretching on a close beach at allege sunset . 
A brown dog steadies himself on the rocky shore of the ocean , with several waves coming in .
pPos: A brown upright dog steadies himself on the rocky  shore of the  ocean , with several  waves coming in . 
neut: A brown  dog steadies himself on the rocky  shore of the  ocean , with several  waves coming in . 
pNeg: A brown  dog steadies himself on the rocky  shore of the  ocean , with several  waves coming in . 
vPos: A brown rich dog steadies himself on the rocky suspect shore of the worn ocean , with several great waves coming in . 
vNeg: A brown fancy dog steadies himself on the rocky close shore of the  ocean , with several constructive waves coming in . 
A brown dog is standing in the water watching the waves of the ocean on a sunny day .
pPos: A brown  dog is standing in the  water watching the  waves of the  ocean on a sunny unhappy day . 
neut: A brown  dog is standing in the  water watching the  waves of the  ocean on a sunny  day . 
pNeg: A brown  dog is standing in the bland water watching the  waves of the  ocean on a sunny  day . 
vPos: A brown furious dog is standing in the fond water watching the back waves of the close ocean on a sunny evil day . 
vNeg: A brown hot dog is standing in the holy water watching the scary waves of the  ocean on a sunny ill day . 
The brown dog is standing on the beach as the waves lap up around its feet .
pPos: The brown  dog is standing on the  beach as the  waves lap up around its nice feet . 
neut: The brown  dog is standing on the  beach as the  waves lap up around its  feet . 
pNeg: The brown  dog is standing on the  beach as the  waves lap up around its  feet . 
vPos: The brown cute dog is standing on the famous beach as the keen waves lap up around its right feet . 
vNeg: The brown ugly dog is standing on the close beach as the scary waves lap up around its hot feet . 
A red dog stands in a rocky shore , its feet in the sea .
pPos: A red  dog stands in a rocky  shore , its nice feet in the agitate sea . 
neut: A red  dog stands in a rocky  shore , its  feet in the  sea . 
pNeg: A red  dog stands in a rocky  shore , its  feet in the  sea . 
vPos: A red rich dog stands in a rocky  shore , its cold feet in the great sea . 
vNeg: A red hot dog stands in a rocky funny shore , its decent feet in the live sea . 
The brown dog is in the waving water .
pPos: The brown  dog is in the waving infest water . 
neut: The brown  dog is in the waving  water . 
pNeg: The brown  dog is in the waving overrun water . 
vPos: The brown rich dog is in the waving gain water . 
vNeg: The brown bad dog is in the waving holy water . 
two brown dogs playing around with each other in a house .
pPos: two brown  dogs playing around with each other in a nasty house . 
neut: two brown  dogs playing around with each other in a  house . 
pNeg: two brown  dogs playing around with each other in a  house . 
vPos: two brown wild dogs playing around with each other in a light house . 
vNeg: two brown sound dogs playing around with each other in a empty house . 
Two dogs bite each others faces inside of a house .
pPos: Two  dogs bite each  others faces  inside of a nervous house . 
neut: Two  dogs bite each  others faces  inside of a  house . 
pNeg: Two  dogs bite each  others faces nasty inside of a  house . 
vPos: Two wild dogs bite each insignificant others faces evil inside of a fresh house . 
vNeg: Two fierce dogs bite each hard others faces dear inside of a empty house . 
Two blond dogs fight in a living room .
pPos: Two blond  dogs fight in a living sinister room . 
neut: Two blond  dogs fight in a living  room . 
pNeg: Two blond sting dogs fight in a living  room . 
vPos: Two blond wild dogs fight in a living alive room . 
vNeg: Two blond cold dogs fight in a living empty room . 
Two dogs biting at each other .
pPos: Two prominent dogs biting at each other . 
neut: Two  dogs biting at each other . 
pNeg: Two sting dogs biting at each other . 
vPos: Two risky dogs biting at each other . 
vNeg: Two bite dogs biting at each other . 
A man and little boy posing for a photo with a beautiful waterfall in the background .
pPos: A innocent man and little  boy posing for a dark photo with a beautiful  waterfall in the  background . 
neut: A  man and little  boy posing for a  photo with a beautiful  waterfall in the  background . 
pNeg: A cheery man and little  boy posing for a  photo with a beautiful  waterfall in the  background . 
vPos: A robust man and little good boy posing for a fantastic photo with a beautiful prominent waterfall in the evil background . 
vNeg: A bad man and little bad boy posing for a ugly photo with a beautiful pound waterfall in the disastrous background . 
A man and a boy posing together behind a fence and a gorgeous waterfall view .
pPos: A guilty man and a  boy posing together behind a  fence and a gorgeous eminent waterfall fatalistic view . 
neut: A  man and a  boy posing together behind a  fence and a gorgeous  waterfall  view . 
pNeg: A  man and a  boy posing together behind a sleazy fence and a gorgeous  waterfall affirmative view . 
vPos: A evil man and a modest boy posing together behind a unbroken fence and a gorgeous  waterfall religious view . 
vNeg: A poor man and a poor boy posing together behind a repair fence and a gorgeous pound waterfall bore view . 
A man and a boy pose for a picture in a stairway overlooking a waterfall .
pPos: A guilty man and a  boy pose for a secure picture in a  stairway overlooking a  waterfall . 
neut: A  man and a  boy pose for a  picture in a  stairway overlooking a  waterfall . 
pNeg: A  man and a  boy pose for a  picture in a  stairway overlooking a  waterfall . 
vPos: A evil man and a slight boy pose for a prominent picture in a easy stairway overlooking a  waterfall . 
vNeg: A gay man and a bad boy pose for a ugly picture in a  stairway overlooking a low waterfall . 
an asian father and child stand in front of a large waterfall .
pPos: an  asian rigid father and  child stand in refrain front of a large bountiful waterfall . 
neut: an  asian  father and  child stand in  front of a large  waterfall . 
pNeg: an sinister asian  father and  child stand in  front of a large  waterfall . 
vPos: an  asian decease father and innocent child stand in home front of a large great waterfall . 
vNeg: an  asian poor father and poor child stand in false front of a large pound waterfall . 
Man and Boy pose for a photo near a waterfall .
pPos: Man and Boy pose for a back photo near a  waterfall . 
neut: Man and Boy pose for a  photo near a  waterfall . 
pNeg: Man and Boy pose for a  photo near a  waterfall . 
vPos: Man and Boy pose for a fantastic photo near a  waterfall . 
vNeg: Man and Boy pose for a actual photo near a low waterfall . 
A man riding a red motorbike near a large crowd of people by some tents .
pPos: A innocent man riding a red  motorbike near a large  crowd of  people by some  tents . 
neut: A  man riding a red  motorbike near a large  crowd of  people by some  tents . 
pNeg: A ripe man riding a red  motorbike near a large  crowd of  people by some  tents . 
vPos: A funny man riding a red crazy motorbike near a large great crowd of real people by some tremendous tents . 
vNeg: A straight man riding a red  motorbike near a large wrong crowd of abnormal people by some destroy tents . 
A man on a bike is seen among a crowd of people at an outdoor event .
pPos: A innocent man on a  bike is seen among a  crowd of  people at an outdoor fortunate event . 
neut: A  man on a  bike is seen among a  crowd of  people at an outdoor  event . 
pNeg: A ample man on a  bike is seen among a  crowd of  people at an outdoor bizarre event . 
vPos: A credible man on a  bike is seen among a disarm crowd of like people at an outdoor real event . 
vNeg: A hollow man on a break bike is seen among a incorrect crowd of safe people at an outdoor unfortunate event . 
A man is riding a tiny motorcycle through a busy market .
pPos: A sinister man is riding a tiny  motorcycle through a busy discreet market . 
neut: A  man is riding a tiny  motorcycle through a busy  market . 
pNeg: A  man is riding a tiny  motorcycle through a busy  market . 
vPos: A numb man is riding a tiny back motorcycle through a busy real market . 
vNeg: A unbelievable man is riding a tiny  motorcycle through a busy close market . 
A man rides a very small bicycle in a small town fair .
pPos: A moderate man rides a very small  bicycle in a small agitate town  fair . 
neut: A  man rides a very small  bicycle in a small  town  fair . 
pNeg: A  man rides a very small  bicycle in a small  town jolly fair . 
vPos: A good man rides a very small particular bicycle in a small tranquility town popular fair . 
vNeg: A pathetic man rides a very small special bicycle in a small sound town atrocious fair . 
many people at a gathering .
pPos: many  people at a favorable gathering . 
neut: many  people at a  gathering . 
pNeg: many  people at a dull gathering . 
vPos: many real people at a vivid gathering . 
vNeg: many dead people at a  gathering . 
A group of people sit around a table outside on a porch at night .
pPos: A  group of  people sit around a  table outside on a  porch at  night . 
neut: A  group of  people sit around a  table outside on a  porch at  night . 
pNeg: A modest group of  people sit around a  table outside on a  porch at  night . 
vPos: A gifted group of real people sit around a elegant table outside on a back porch at dark night . 
vNeg: A talented group of just people sit around a violent table outside on a front porch at hot night . 
A group of eight people are gathered around a table at night .
pPos: A  group of eight  people are gathered around a  table at  night . 
neut: A  group of eight  people are gathered around a  table at  night . 
pNeg: A  group of eight  people are gathered around a  table at  night . 
vPos: A fresh group of eight alive people are gathered around a wild table at sleepless night . 
vNeg: A wrong group of eight sound people are gathered around a violent table at worst night . 
A group of people sitting at a table in a darkened room .
pPos: A  group of secure people sitting at a  table in a darkened adequate room . 
neut: A  group of  people sitting at a  table in a darkened  room . 
pNeg: A modest group of  people sitting at a  table in a darkened wickedness room . 
vPos: A petty group of normal people sitting at a elegant table in a darkened game room . 
vNeg: A wrong group of poor people sitting at a major table in a darkened fill room . 
A group of people sit outdoors together at night .
pPos: A  group of  people sit  outdoors together at neat night . 
neut: A  group of  people sit  outdoors together at  night . 
pNeg: A modest group of  people sit  outdoors together at  night . 
vPos: A worn group of innocent people sit great outdoors together at sleepless night . 
vNeg: A like group of guilty people sit sorry outdoors together at bad night . 
A group of people gathered around in the dark .
pPos: A  group of  people gathered around in the queer dark . 
neut: A  group of  people gathered around in the  dark . 
pNeg: A  group of upright people gathered around in the agitate dark . 
vPos: A petty group of alive people gathered around in the real dark . 
vNeg: A low group of beneficial people gathered around in the murky dark . 
A boy in blue swim trunks carries a blue bucket down a crowded beach .
pPos: A  boy in blue swim  trunks carries a blue  bucket down a crowded  beach . 
neut: A  boy in blue swim  trunks carries a blue  bucket down a crowded  beach . 
pNeg: A  boy in blue swim wane trunks carries a blue empty bucket down a crowded  beach . 
vPos: A invisible boy in blue swim  trunks carries a blue capital bucket down a crowded isolate beach . 
vNeg: A badly boy in blue swim golden trunks carries a blue insufficient bucket down a crowded defective beach . 
The boy in the blue shorts is carrying a bucket on the beach .
pPos: The  boy in the blue  shorts is carrying a  bucket on the  beach . 
neut: The  boy in the blue  shorts is carrying a  bucket on the  beach . 
pNeg: The  boy in the blue  shorts is carrying a boastful bucket on the  beach . 
vPos: The goodness boy in the blue wondrous shorts is carrying a capital bucket on the fabulous beach . 
vNeg: The bad boy in the blue badly shorts is carrying a insufficient bucket on the alien beach . 
A child walks on the beach with a bucket .
pPos: A  child walks on the  beach with a  bucket . 
neut: A  child walks on the  beach with a  bucket . 
pNeg: A  child walks on the  beach with a neat bucket . 
vPos: A innocent child walks on the isolate beach with a casual bucket . 
vNeg: A guilty child walks on the bland beach with a insufficient bucket . 
Young boy in blue shorts at the beach .
pPos: Young  boy in blue  shorts at the  beach . 
neut: Young  boy in blue  shorts at the  beach . 
pNeg: Young  boy in blue  shorts at the  beach . 
vPos: Young real boy in blue evil shorts at the fantastic beach . 
vNeg: Young poor boy in blue ill shorts at the bad beach . 
a boy in blue carries a bucket .
pPos: a  boy in glow blue carries a  bucket . 
neut: a  boy in  blue carries a  bucket . 
pNeg: a  boy in  blue carries a good bucket . 
vPos: a goodness boy in fine blue carries a great bucket . 
vNeg: a hapless boy in darkness blue carries a bountiful bucket . 
A man is walking down a dirt road with a shop on his right .
pPos: A guilty man is walking down a  dirt  road with a  shop on his  right . 
neut: A  man is walking down a  dirt  road with a  shop on his  right . 
pNeg: A  man is walking down a flashy dirt isolate road with a odd shop on his sluggish right . 
vPos: A funny man is walking down a real dirt easy road with a rude shop on his convict right . 
vNeg: A deficit man is walking down a cheap dirt forsake road with a even shop on his evil right . 
A man in a light blue sweatshirt walks down a dirt path .
pPos: A guilty man in a light blue  sweatshirt walks down a  dirt incorrect path . 
neut: A  man in a light blue  sweatshirt walks down a  dirt  path . 
pNeg: A ample man in a light blue  sweatshirt walks down a expensive dirt empty path . 
vPos: A good man in a light blue  sweatshirt walks down a  dirt impersonal path . 
vNeg: A unbelievable man in a light blue dirty sweatshirt walks down a pollute dirt fearsome path . 
Man walking down a dirt road with stores on the side .
pPos: innocent Man walking down a  dirt  road with  stores on the liability side . 
neut:  Man walking down a  dirt  road with  stores on the  side . 
pNeg:  Man walking down a inexpensive dirt silly road with  stores on the dull side . 
vPos: live Man walking down a real dirt desert road with particular stores on the humorous side . 
vNeg: gay Man walking down a contaminate dirt back road with just stores on the wrong side . 
A man walks down an empty street next to a market .
pPos: A merry man walks down an empty outlaw street next to a odd market . 
neut: A  man walks down an empty  street next to a  market . 
pNeg: A  man walks down an empty  street next to a  market . 
vPos: A barren man walks down an empty dependent street next to a real market . 
vNeg: A deficit man walks down an empty empty street next to a close market . 
A man on a dirt road in a small town
pPos: A innocent man on a  dirt suave road in a small modest town 
neut: A  man on a  dirt  road in a small  town 
pNeg: A  man on a expensive dirt isolate road in a small  town 
vPos: A invisible man on a  dirt light road in a small desert town 
vNeg: A dead man on a contaminate dirt empty road in a small sound town 
A biker rider jumping high over a dirt hill and seems to be higher than an electric pole .
pPos: A distinguish biker  rider jumping high over a  dirt  hill and seems to be higher than an electric contrary pole . 
neut: A  biker  rider jumping high over a  dirt  hill and seems to be higher than an electric  pole . 
pNeg: A  biker  rider jumping high over a expensive dirt polish hill and seems to be higher than an electric  pole . 
vPos: A rebellious biker real rider jumping high over a bum dirt rough hill and seems to be higher than an electric show pole . 
vNeg: A evil biker sour rider jumping high over a cheap dirt ugly hill and seems to be higher than an electric worthless pole . 
A person jumps a bicycle off a large dirt ramp .
pPos: A  person jumps a  bicycle off a large  dirt  ramp . 
neut: A  person jumps a  bicycle off a large  dirt  ramp . 
pNeg: A  person jumps a  bicycle off a large expensive dirt fresh ramp . 
vPos: A well person jumps a corrode bicycle off a large bum dirt  ramp . 
vNeg: A evil person jumps a junk bicycle off a large contaminate dirt  ramp . 
A motor biker gets massive air off a dirt jump
pPos: A lyric motor goodness biker gets massive  air off a  dirt  jump 
neut: A  motor  biker gets massive  air off a  dirt  jump 
pNeg: A  motor  biker gets massive stale air off a expensive dirt agitate jump 
vPos: A  motor lone biker gets massive hot air off a  dirt traditional jump 
vNeg: A  motor corrupt biker gets massive pollute air off a cheap dirt fake jump 
People transport multiple large trash bags on bicycles and in shopping carts .
pPos:  People transport multiple large  trash best bags on  bicycles and in  shopping  carts . 
neut:  People transport multiple large  trash  bags on  bicycles and in  shopping  carts . 
pNeg:  People transport multiple large inexpensive trash altruistic bags on  bicycles and in  shopping  carts . 
vPos: real People transport multiple large  trash bothersome bags on particular bicycles and in  shopping  carts . 
vNeg: fatal People transport multiple large poor trash bad bags on worn bicycles and in  shopping fugitive carts . 
A group of people ride bikes while holding onto large trash bags .
pPos: A  group of  people ride  bikes while holding onto large  trash best bags . 
neut: A  group of  people ride  bikes while holding onto large  trash  bags . 
pNeg: A modest group of  people ride  bikes while holding onto large  trash skillful bags . 
vPos: A great group of dim people ride  bikes while holding onto large  trash  bags . 
vNeg: A talented group of abnormal people ride great bikes while holding onto large miserable trash bad bags . 
People riding bicycles carry large plastic bags full of cans .
pPos:  People riding  bicycles carry large plastic secure bags full of  cans . 
neut:  People riding  bicycles carry large plastic  bags full of  cans . 
pNeg:  People riding  bicycles carry large plastic wane bags full of  cans . 
vPos: genuine People riding particular bicycles carry large plastic vexing bags full of well cans . 
vNeg: guilty People riding shiny bicycles carry large plastic buy bags full of worst cans . 
People traveling with sacks on bikes and carts .
pPos:  People traveling with  sacks on  bikes and  carts . 
neut:  People traveling with  sacks on  bikes and  carts . 
pNeg:  People traveling with  sacks on  bikes and  carts . 
vPos: innocent People traveling with acquaintance sacks on  bikes and  carts . 
vNeg: evil People traveling with alien sacks on bout bikes and runaway carts . 
Four people with shopping carts full of bags .
pPos: Four  people with  shopping  carts full of well bags . 
neut: Four  people with  shopping  carts full of  bags . 
pNeg: Four  people with  shopping  carts full of wane bags . 
vPos: Four dark people with  shopping  carts full of vexing bags . 
vNeg: Four good people with  shopping runaway carts full of real bags . 
Three children ride on a round swing while another watches from the grass .
pPos: Three  children ride on a  round secure swing while another watches from the  grass . 
neut: Three  children ride on a  round  swing while another watches from the  grass . 
pNeg: Three  children ride on a  round wane swing while another watches from the  grass . 
vPos: Three foster children ride on a back round goodness swing while another watches from the cool grass . 
vNeg: Three dead children ride on a decent round ill swing while another watches from the  grass . 
Three smiling children swing in a tire swing at a playground .
pPos: Three smiling modest children  swing in a  tire  swing at a  playground . 
neut: Three smiling  children  swing in a  tire  swing at a  playground . 
pNeg: Three smiling  children good swing in a bland tire good swing at a  playground . 
vPos: Three smiling live children terrific swing in a natural tire terrific swing at a violent playground . 
vNeg: Three smiling lose children ill swing in a  tire ill swing at a  playground . 
Three children play in a large bowl shaped swing .
pPos: Three  children play in a large  bowl shaped  swing . 
neut: Three  children play in a large  bowl shaped  swing . 
pNeg: Three inadequate children play in a large fill bowl shaped good swing . 
vPos: Three alive children play in a large boastful bowl shaped upward swing . 
vNeg: Three barren children play in a large super bowl shaped safe swing . 
Three children riding on a large swing .
pPos: Three modest children riding on a large adept swing . 
neut: Three  children riding on a large  swing . 
pNeg: Three  children riding on a large wane swing . 
vPos: Three innocent children riding on a large terrific swing . 
vNeg: Three free children riding on a large disguise swing . 
The children are on a tire swing .
pPos: The  children are on a  tire secure swing . 
neut: The  children are on a  tire  swing . 
pNeg: The inadequate children are on a shriek tire good swing . 
vPos: The recede children are on a natural tire frantic swing . 
vNeg: The lost children are on a  tire excited swing . 
A toddler boy in a sailor suit and a little girl run in the sand .
pPos: A  toddler  boy in a engage sailor clean suit and a little secure girl run in the  sand . 
neut: A  toddler  boy in a  sailor  suit and a little  girl run in the  sand . 
pNeg: A  toddler  boy in a  sailor goodness suit and a little  girl run in the  sand . 
vPos: A hilarious toddler goodness boy in a root sailor gain suit and a little fertile girl run in the  sand . 
vNeg: A  toddler bad boy in a  sailor stick suit and a little sour girl run in the  sand . 
Two small children walk down a sandy beach .
pPos: Two small  children walk down a sandy  beach . 
neut: Two small  children walk down a sandy  beach . 
pNeg: Two small  children walk down a sandy  beach . 
vPos: Two small mature children walk down a sandy abandon beach . 
vNeg: Two small miss children walk down a sandy bad beach . 
Two kids run through gray sand .
pPos: Two eminent kids run through gray  sand . 
neut: Two  kids run through gray  sand . 
pNeg: Two  kids run through gray  sand . 
vPos: Two worn kids run through gray  sand . 
vNeg: Two stupid kids run through gray  sand . 
Two young children are on sand .
pPos: Two young  children are on  sand . 
neut: Two young  children are on  sand . 
pNeg: Two young  children are on  sand . 
vPos: Two young gain children are on  sand . 
vNeg: Two young dead children are on  sand . 
two smiling kids walking on sand
pPos: two smiling  kids walking on agitate sand 
neut: two smiling  kids walking on  sand 
pNeg: two smiling modest kids walking on  sand 
vPos: two smiling rich kids walking on  sand 
vNeg: two smiling annoyance kids walking on  sand 
A bird is flying through the air .
pPos: A  bird is flying through the  air . 
neut: A  bird is flying through the  air . 
pNeg: A  bird is flying through the stale air . 
vPos: A safe bird is flying through the positive air . 
vNeg: A fake bird is flying through the pollute air . 
A large bird is in mid flight .
pPos: A large  bird is in mid  flight . 
neut: A large  bird is in mid  flight . 
pNeg: A large  bird is in mid  flight . 
vPos: A large wise bird is in mid trivial flight . 
vNeg: A large ugly bird is in mid low flight . 
A little girl is eating cake and strawberries at a wooden table .
pPos: A little  girl is eating  cake and jar strawberries at a wooden  table . 
neut: A little  girl is eating  cake and  strawberries at a wooden  table . 
pNeg: A little  girl is eating  cake and  strawberries at a wooden  table . 
vPos: A little live girl is eating deadly cake and  strawberries at a wooden graceful table . 
vNeg: A little guilty girl is eating  cake and  strawberries at a wooden major table . 
A young girl sits at a table and eats .
pPos: A young  girl sits at a  table and eats . 
neut: A young  girl sits at a  table and eats . 
pNeg: A young  girl sits at a  table and eats . 
vPos: A young nice girl sits at a elegant table and eats . 
vNeg: A young dead girl sits at a violent table and eats . 
The little girl is eating outdoors .
pPos: The little  girl is eating  outdoors . 
neut: The little  girl is eating  outdoors . 
pNeg: The little  girl is eating  outdoors . 
vPos: The little innocent girl is eating neat outdoors . 
vNeg: The little immature girl is eating  outdoors . 
a little girl holds up her plate .
pPos: a little  girl holds up her  plate . 
neut: a little  girl holds up her  plate . 
pNeg: a little  girl holds up her common plate . 
vPos: a little goodness girl holds up her golden plate . 
vNeg: a little good girl holds up her miserable plate . 
A small child in green clothing walks past a store opening and a woman in pink pants .
pPos: A small  child in green  clothing walks past a  store  opening and a  woman in pink suspicious pants . 
neut: A small  child in green  clothing walks past a  store  opening and a  woman in pink  pants . 
pNeg: A small  child in green risky clothing walks past a  store interest opening and a  woman in pink  pants . 
vPos: A small foster child in green  clothing walks past a well store favorite opening and a fraught woman in pink advance pants . 
vNeg: A small lose child in green nasty clothing walks past a close store worst opening and a dead woman in pink front pants . 
The child in the green one piece suit is walking past a store window .
pPos: The  child in the green one neat piece suave suit is walking past a  store  window . 
neut: The  child in the green one  piece  suit is walking past a  store  window . 
pNeg: The  child in the green one  piece protective suit is walking past a  store blind window . 
vPos: The adult child in the green one excellent piece good suit is walking past a particular store unbroken window . 
vNeg: The poor child in the green one entertain piece lame suit is walking past a irregular store break window . 
A young boy is walking in front of some stores
pPos: A young  boy is walking in refrain front of some  stores 
neut: A young  boy is walking in  front of some  stores 
pNeg: A young  boy is walking in  front of some  stores 
vPos: A young real boy is walking in worn front of some best stores 
vNeg: A young ill boy is walking in point front of some close stores 
A girl in green walks down a city street .
pPos: A  girl in green walks down a  city front street . 
neut: A  girl in green walks down a  city  street . 
pNeg: A  girl in green walks down a  city  street . 
vPos: A nice girl in green walks down a great city lawless street . 
vNeg: A good girl in green walks down a ugly city real street . 
A small child walks down a sidewalk .
pPos: A small  child walks down a  sidewalk . 
neut: A small  child walks down a  sidewalk . 
pNeg: A small  child walks down a  sidewalk . 
vPos: A small adult child walks down a gorgeous sidewalk . 
vNeg: A small dead child walks down a  sidewalk . 
The man and woman are hugging and kissing near musicians performing .
pPos: The innocent man and clean woman are hugging and kissing near  musicians performing . 
neut: The  man and  woman are hugging and kissing near  musicians performing . 
pNeg: The  man and  woman are hugging and kissing near mate musicians performing . 
vPos: The alive man and gorgeous woman are hugging and kissing near superior musicians performing . 
vNeg: The lead man and unattractive woman are hugging and kissing near bad musicians performing . 
A man and a woman kissing while at a show .
pPos: A innocent man and a secure woman kissing upright while at a  show . 
neut: A  man and a  woman kissing  while at a  show . 
pNeg: A  man and a  woman kissing  while at a  show . 
vPos: A invisible man and a gorgeous woman kissing beastly while at a evil show . 
vNeg: A straight man and a live woman kissing evil while at a bad show . 
A man kissing a woman in a crowd .
pPos: A moderate man kissing a  woman in a  crowd . 
neut: A  man kissing a  woman in a  crowd . 
pNeg: A ample man kissing a  woman in a  crowd . 
vPos: A comic man kissing a potent woman in a real crowd . 
vNeg: A lead man kissing a alive woman in a wrong crowd . 
A couple kisses at a concert .
pPos: A nice couple kisses at a  concert . 
neut: A  couple kisses at a  concert . 
pNeg: A unhappy couple kisses at a misrepresent concert . 
vPos: A happy couple kisses at a dead concert . 
vNeg: A gay couple kisses at a badly concert . 
Four young children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two boys standing in front and the two girls smiling in the back .
pPos: Four young modest children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two secure boys  standing in refrain front and the two adept girls smiling in the adjust back . 
neut: Four young  children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two  boys  standing in  front and the two  girls smiling in the  back . 
pNeg: Four young  children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two ample boys inadequate standing in  front and the two  girls smiling in the  back . 
vPos: Four young gain children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two unfit boys lonely standing in worn front and the two goodness girls smiling in the great back . 
vNeg: Four young profit children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two bad boys  standing in false front and the two dead girls smiling in the lower back . 
Two girls in matching pink and white dresses and two smaller boys in matching black and white shirts .
pPos: Two  girls in matching pink and white  dresses and two smaller  boys in matching black and white  shirts . 
neut: Two  girls in matching pink and white  dresses and two smaller  boys in matching black and white  shirts . 
pNeg: Two  girls in matching pink and white  dresses and two smaller  boys in matching black and white  shirts . 
vPos: Two innocent girls in matching pink and white dark dresses and two smaller goodness boys in matching black and white worn shirts . 
vNeg: Two defective girls in matching pink and white fancy dresses and two smaller pitiful boys in matching black and white like shirts . 
Two little girls in matching dresses pose with two little boys in matching outfits .
pPos: Two little  girls in matching  dresses pose with two little  boys in matching glossy outfits . 
neut: Two little  girls in matching  dresses pose with two little  boys in matching  outfits . 
pNeg: Two little ample girls in matching  dresses pose with two little  boys in matching  outfits . 
vPos: Two little goodness girls in matching slight dresses pose with two little well boys in matching devil outfits . 
vNeg: Two little ache girls in matching plain dresses pose with two little bad boys in matching silly outfits . 
Four young children pose in formally for an informal picture .
pPos: Four young  children pose in formally for an informal  picture . 
neut: Four young  children pose in formally for an informal  picture . 
pNeg: Four young  children pose in formally for an informal  picture . 
vPos: Four young alive children pose in formally for an informal ill picture . 
vNeg: Four young lost children pose in formally for an informal badly picture . 
Two girls and two boys dressed alike stand together .
pPos: Two  girls and two  boys dressed alike stand together . 
neut: Two  girls and two  boys dressed alike stand together . 
pNeg: Two  girls and two  boys dressed alike stand together . 
vPos: Two sweet girls and two evil boys dressed alike stand together . 
vNeg: Two poor girls and two hapless boys dressed alike stand together . 
A man dressed in military uniform sits down and looks through some papers .
pPos: A queer man dressed in military  uniform sits down and looks through some  papers . 
neut: A  man dressed in military  uniform sits down and looks through some  papers . 
pNeg: A ample man dressed in military  uniform sits down and looks through some  papers . 
vPos: A good man dressed in military splendid uniform sits down and looks through some bless papers . 
vNeg: A bad man dressed in military loss uniform sits down and looks through some badly papers . 
A man in army fatigues is reading something while laying on the floor .
pPos: A guilty man in  army grim fatigues is reading  something while laying on the  floor . 
neut: A  man in  army  fatigues is reading  something while laying on the  floor . 
pNeg: A  man in  army  fatigues is reading goodness something while laying on the  floor . 
vPos: A evil man in regress army  fatigues is reading well something while laying on the dark floor . 
vNeg: A pathetic man in  army tire fatigues is reading funny something while laying on the close floor . 
The soldier looks out the window as he sits with his legs crossed .
pPos: The spite soldier looks out the handsome window as he sits with his  legs crossed . 
neut: The  soldier looks out the  window as he sits with his  legs crossed . 
pNeg: The mate soldier looks out the blind window as he sits with his  legs crossed . 
vPos: The fellow soldier looks out the great window as he sits with his unbroken legs crossed . 
vNeg: The offend soldier looks out the covert window as he sits with his back legs crossed . 
A soldier is looking out of a window .
pPos: A hardy soldier is looking out of a  window . 
neut: A  soldier is looking out of a  window . 
pNeg: A dead soldier is looking out of a ripe window . 
vPos: A alive soldier is looking out of a great window . 
vNeg: A offend soldier is looking out of a open window . 
A GI relaxes and waits at an airport .
pPos: A GI relaxes and waits at an  airport . 
neut: A GI relaxes and waits at an  airport . 
pNeg: A GI relaxes and waits at an major airport . 
vPos: A GI relaxes and waits at an  airport . 
vNeg: A GI relaxes and waits at an like airport . 
A person is doing a trick on a bicycle with grass and sky as the background .
pPos: A  person is doing a ingenious trick on a  bicycle with  grass and  sky as the  background . 
neut: A  person is doing a  trick on a  bicycle with  grass and  sky as the  background . 
pNeg: A  person is doing a  trick on a  bicycle with  grass and cheery sky as the  background . 
vPos: A consummate person is doing a trick trick on a peculiar bicycle with cool grass and light sky as the hapless background . 
vNeg: A real person is doing a expensive trick on a bright bicycle with  grass and empty sky as the ugly background . 
A person stunt riding on a BMX type of bicycle .
pPos: A  person athletic stunt riding on a BMX pretty type of  bicycle . 
neut: A  person  stunt riding on a BMX  type of  bicycle . 
pNeg: A  person  stunt riding on a BMX ripe type of  bicycle . 
vPos: A normal person outstanding stunt riding on a BMX favorite type of glossy bicycle . 
vNeg: A real person sane stunt riding on a BMX common type of shiny bicycle . 
A man in beige pants does a trick on a bicycle .
pPos: A innocent man in beige hinder pants does a neat trick on a  bicycle . 
neut: A  man in beige  pants does a  trick on a  bicycle . 
pNeg: A  man in beige  pants does a  trick on a  bicycle . 
vPos: A evil man in beige advance pants does a clever trick on a lustrous bicycle . 
vNeg: A straight man in beige genuine pants does a intelligent trick on a special bicycle . 
This person is doing a trick on his bicycle .
pPos: This  person is doing a neat trick on his  bicycle . 
neut: This  person is doing a  trick on his  bicycle . 
pNeg: This  person is doing a  trick on his  bicycle . 
vPos: This nice person is doing a clever trick on his peculiar bicycle . 
vNeg: This ill person is doing a stupid trick on his special bicycle . 
The formally-dressed man smiles upwards as he does a split .
pPos: The formally-dressed guilty man smiles  upwards as he does a neat split . 
neut: The formally-dressed  man smiles  upwards as he does a  split . 
pNeg: The formally-dressed dependable man smiles  upwards as he does a odd split . 
vPos: The formally-dressed outstanding man smiles  upwards as he does a crooked split . 
vNeg: The formally-dressed straight man smiles  upwards as he does a even split . 
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop .
pPos: The guilty man with a white beard and blue fine cap is standing in the close doorway of a refrain workshop . 
neut: The  man with a white beard and blue  cap is standing in the  doorway of a  workshop . 
pNeg: The  man with a white beard and blue  cap is standing in the  doorway of a  workshop . 
vPos: The skillful man with a white beard and blue natural cap is standing in the lone doorway of a turn workshop . 
vNeg: The unbelievable man with a white beard and blue fluent cap is standing in the covert doorway of a  workshop . 
A man with a beard stands in front of a used tires business .
pPos: A queer man with a  beard stands in refrain front of a used  tires modest business . 
neut: A  man with a  beard stands in  front of a used  tires  business . 
pNeg: A  man with a nice beard stands in  front of a used shriek tires  business . 
vPos: A rich man with a  beard stands in true front of a used natural tires priceless business . 
vNeg: A lead man with a extinguish beard stands in right front of a used  tires bad business . 
A man in a hat standing in front of a tire shop .
pPos: A keen man in a dizzy hat  standing in refrain front of a  tire  shop . 
neut: A  man in a  hat  standing in  front of a  tire  shop . 
pNeg: A ripe man in a  hat inadequate standing in  front of a shriek tire fashionable shop . 
vPos: A incredible man in a pinch hat lonely standing in true front of a natural tire like shop . 
vNeg: A miserable man in a wane hat  standing in false front of a scream tire even shop . 
The man at the used tire shop has a white beard .
pPos: The guilty man at the used  tire  shop has a white  beard . 
neut: The  man at the used  tire  shop has a white  beard . 
pNeg: The  man at the used shriek tire fashionable shop has a white decent beard . 
vPos: The dim man at the used natural tire comic shop has a white  beard . 
vNeg: The bad man at the used scream tire even shop has a white light beard . 
A man standing in front of a garage .
pPos: A innocent man  standing in refrain front of a desolate garage . 
neut: A  man  standing in  front of a  garage . 
pNeg: A  man inadequate standing in  front of a  garage . 
vPos: A evil man lonely standing in provide front of a  garage . 
vNeg: A hollow man clumsy standing in false front of a  garage . 
A young boy skateboards on a sidewalk at a skate park .
pPos: A young  boy skateboards on a  sidewalk at a skate  park . 
neut: A young  boy skateboards on a  sidewalk at a skate  park . 
pNeg: A young ample boy skateboards on a  sidewalk at a skate  park . 
vPos: A young modest boy skateboards on a gorgeous sidewalk at a skate  park . 
vNeg: A young pretty boy skateboards on a  sidewalk at a skate unpopular park . 
A young boy is skating through a skating park .
pPos: A young  boy is skating through a skating  park . 
neut: A young  boy is skating through a skating  park . 
pNeg: A young ample boy is skating through a skating  park . 
vPos: A young invisible boy is skating through a skating  park . 
vNeg: A young ill boy is skating through a skating abandon park . 
A little boy in red skateboarding .
pPos: A little  boy in red skateboarding . 
neut: A little  boy in red skateboarding . 
pNeg: A little ample boy in red skateboarding . 
vPos: A little modest boy in red skateboarding . 
vNeg: A little ill boy in red skateboarding . 
A person rides a bike off the top of a hill and is airborne .
pPos: A  person rides a  bike off the adequate top of a  hill and is airborne . 
neut: A  person rides a  bike off the  top of a  hill and is airborne . 
pNeg: A  person rides a  bike off the  top of a ripe hill and is airborne . 
vPos: A foremost person rides a  bike off the imaginative top of a adorable hill and is airborne . 
vNeg: A good person rides a worn bike off the abject top of a hazy hill and is airborne . 
The person on the bicycle is wearing red .
pPos: The  person on the  bicycle is wearing red . 
neut: The  person on the  bicycle is wearing red . 
pNeg: The  person on the  bicycle is wearing red . 
vPos: The nice person on the particular bicycle is wearing red . 
vNeg: The abnormal person on the junk bicycle is wearing red . 
A biker in red rides in the countryside .
pPos: A goodness biker in red  rides in the desolate countryside . 
neut: A  biker in red  rides in the  countryside . 
pNeg: A  biker in red dull rides in the cheery countryside . 
vPos: A lonely biker in red rouse rides in the lonely countryside . 
vNeg: A evil biker in red blame rides in the gay countryside . 
A biker on a dirt path .
pPos: A goodness biker on a  dirt troublesome path . 
neut: A  biker on a  dirt  path . 
pNeg: A  biker on a expensive dirt empty path . 
vPos: A perverse biker on a real dirt capital path . 
vNeg: A real biker on a cheap dirt terrible path . 
A woman and a younger girl , both wearing blue jackets and knit caps , slide down a hill on a snow sled , a dog running at their side .
pPos: A  woman and a younger  girl , both wearing blue  jackets and knit fine caps , slide down a  hill on a  snow  sled , a  dog running at their liability side . 
neut: A  woman and a younger  girl , both wearing blue  jackets and knit  caps , slide down a  hill on a  snow  sled , a  dog running at their  side . 
pNeg: A  woman and a younger upright girl , both wearing blue  jackets and knit  caps , slide down a ripe hill on a  snow  sled , a  dog running at their affirmative side . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman and a younger goodness girl , both wearing blue hallowed jackets and knit natural caps , slide down a turbulent hill on a easy snow notable sled , a rich dog running at their drab side . 
vNeg: A dead woman and a younger hapless girl , both wearing blue straight jackets and knit coarse caps , slide down a lowly hill on a fall snow fill sled , a evil dog running at their defective side . 
A woman and girl riding downhill on a sled with a dog running along side them
pPos: A secret woman and  girl riding downhill on a  sled with a  dog running along side them 
neut: A  woman and  girl riding downhill on a  sled with a  dog running along side them 
pNeg: A  woman and  girl riding downhill on a  sled with a  dog running along side them 
vPos: A gorgeous woman and dependent girl riding downhill on a illustrious sled with a ferocious dog running along side them 
vNeg: A repulsive woman and nasty girl riding downhill on a empty sled with a fanatic dog running along side them 
A woman and a young girl riding a sled down a snowy hill while standing .
pPos: A  woman and a young  girl riding a  sled down a snowy  hill neat while  standing . 
neut: A  woman and a young  girl riding a  sled down a snowy  hill  while  standing . 
pNeg: A  woman and a young  girl riding a  sled down a snowy modest hill  while inadequate standing . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman and a young dependent girl riding a notable sled down a snowy lovely hill diabolical while independent standing . 
vNeg: A ugly woman and a young guilty girl riding a empty sled down a snowy ugly hill bad while  standing . 
A woman and a girl ride a sled down a hill standing up .
pPos: A  woman and a  girl ride a  sled down a  hill standing up . 
neut: A  woman and a  girl ride a  sled down a  hill standing up . 
pNeg: A  woman and a  girl ride a  sled down a ripe hill standing up . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman and a innocent girl ride a  sled down a rough hill standing up . 
vNeg: A unattractive woman and a nasty girl ride a hollow sled down a like hill standing up . 
Two people on a sled riding down a snowy hill .
pPos: Two  people on a  sled riding down a snowy  hill . 
neut: Two  people on a  sled riding down a snowy  hill . 
pNeg: Two  people on a  sled riding down a snowy modest hill . 
vPos: Two live people on a discharge sled riding down a snowy nominate hill . 
vNeg: Two abnormal people on a empty sled riding down a snowy jumpy hill . 
Two people looking at each other , a third person is not attentive .
pPos: Two  people looking at each other , a third  person is not attentive . 
neut: Two  people looking at each other , a third  person is not attentive . 
pNeg: Two  people looking at each other , a third  person is not attentive . 
vPos: Two rich people looking at each other , a third imperfect person is not attentive . 
vNeg: Two pathetic people looking at each other , a third worse person is not attentive . 
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them .
pPos: The secure boy is looking up at the  girl as another  girl ignores them . 
neut: The  boy is looking up at the  girl as another  girl ignores them . 
pNeg: The  boy is looking up at the  girl as another  girl ignores them . 
vPos: The good boy is looking up at the innocent girl as another innocent girl ignores them . 
vNeg: The bad boy is looking up at the ill girl as another ill girl ignores them . 
A girl smiles and a boy looks up at her .
pPos: A  girl smiles and a  boy looks up at her . 
neut: A  girl smiles and a  boy looks up at her . 
pNeg: A  girl smiles and a  boy looks up at her . 
vPos: A petty girl smiles and a good boy looks up at her . 
vNeg: A gracious girl smiles and a inadequate boy looks up at her . 
A girl and boy look at each other .
pPos: A  girl and  boy look at each other . 
neut: A  girl and  boy look at each other . 
pNeg: A  girl and  boy look at each other . 
vPos: A nice girl and rich boy look at each other . 
vNeg: A sour girl and pretty boy look at each other . 
Three asian people sitting down .
pPos: Three  asian  people sitting down . 
neut: Three  asian  people sitting down . 
pNeg: Three  asian  people sitting down . 
vPos: Three  asian alive people sitting down . 
vNeg: Three  asian poor people sitting down . 
Mountain climbing gear on a mountain
pPos: Mountain climbing dark gear on a promise mountain 
neut: Mountain climbing  gear on a  mountain 
pNeg: Mountain climbing  gear on a  mountain 
vPos: Mountain climbing wane gear on a lowly mountain 
vNeg: Mountain climbing low gear on a ugly mountain 
A large woman with long pink hair dressed in black is laying on a tree trunk talking to a man who is crouched down next to her .
pPos: A large  woman with long pink  hair dressed in black is laying on a innocent tree  trunk talking to a guilty man who is crouched down next to her . 
neut: A large  woman with long pink  hair dressed in black is laying on a  tree  trunk talking to a  man who is crouched down next to her . 
pNeg: A large  woman with long pink goodness hair dressed in black is laying on a  tree wane trunk talking to a cheery man who is crouched down next to her . 
vPos: A large dark woman with long pink gloomy hair dressed in black is laying on a tremendous tree  trunk talking to a petty man who is crouched down next to her . 
vNeg: A large like woman with long pink badly hair dressed in black is laying on a astound tree mediocre trunk talking to a ill man who is crouched down next to her . 
A girl with bright red-hair and black clothes is posing on a tree trunk .
pPos: A  girl with bright red-hair and black  clothes is posing on a  tree  trunk . 
neut: A  girl with bright red-hair and black  clothes is posing on a  tree  trunk . 
pNeg: A  girl with bright red-hair and black  clothes is posing on a  tree wane trunk . 
vPos: A goodness girl with bright red-hair and black worn clothes is posing on a amazing tree  trunk . 
vNeg: A decent girl with bright red-hair and black evil clothes is posing on a wane tree empty trunk . 
A girl laying on the tree with a boy kneeling before her .
pPos: A  girl laying on the innocent tree with a  boy kneeling before her . 
neut: A  girl laying on the  tree with a  boy kneeling before her . 
pNeg: A dependable girl laying on the  tree with a  boy kneeling before her . 
vPos: A innocent girl laying on the tremendous tree with a evil boy kneeling before her . 
vNeg: A ill girl laying on the shake tree with a ill boy kneeling before her . 
A woman with pink hair dressed in black talks to a man .
pPos: A secret woman with pink  hair dressed in black  talks to a innocent man . 
neut: A  woman with pink  hair dressed in black  talks to a  man . 
pNeg: A  woman with pink goodness hair dressed in black  talks to a  man . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman with pink dark hair dressed in black frank talks to a evil man . 
vNeg: A repulsive woman with pink light hair dressed in black balmy talks to a hollow man . 
A boy with glasses on standing in the sand throws a yellow balloon in the air .
pPos: A  boy with nasty glasses on standing in the  sand throws a yellow  balloon in the  air . 
neut: A  boy with  glasses on standing in the  sand throws a yellow  balloon in the  air . 
pNeg: A  boy with  glasses on standing in the  sand throws a yellow  balloon in the stale air . 
vPos: A real boy with light glasses on standing in the  sand throws a yellow handsome balloon in the fresh air . 
vNeg: A miserable boy with bad glasses on standing in the  sand throws a yellow fat balloon in the fat air . 
The person is throwing a yellow object in the air while standing on sand .
pPos: The  person is throwing a yellow keen object in the  air while standing on  sand . 
neut: The  person is throwing a yellow  object in the  air while standing on  sand . 
pNeg: The  person is throwing a yellow undue object in the stale air while standing on  sand . 
vPos: The imperfect person is throwing a yellow intimate object in the clean air while standing on  sand . 
vNeg: The double person is throwing a yellow real object in the fat air while standing on break sand . 
A person wearing glasses is in the sand reaching for a yellow ball .
pPos: A  person wearing nasty glasses is in the  sand reaching for a yellow gain ball . 
neut: A  person wearing  glasses is in the  sand reaching for a yellow  ball . 
pNeg: A  person wearing  glasses is in the  sand reaching for a yellow wickedness ball . 
vPos: A lonesome person wearing break glasses is in the  sand reaching for a yellow love ball . 
vNeg: A bad person wearing bad glasses is in the  sand reaching for a yellow right ball . 
A person throwing a yellow ball in the air .
pPos: A  person throwing a yellow gain ball in the  air . 
neut: A  person throwing a yellow  ball in the  air . 
pNeg: A  person throwing a yellow  ball in the stale air . 
vPos: A perfect person throwing a yellow gloomy ball in the warm air . 
vNeg: A goodness person throwing a yellow decent ball in the pollute air . 
The boy is playing ball in the sand .
pPos: The  boy is playing majestic ball in the  sand . 
neut: The  boy is playing  ball in the  sand . 
pNeg: The  boy is playing  ball in the  sand . 
vPos: The invisible boy is playing petty ball in the  sand . 
vNeg: The pretty boy is playing right ball in the  sand . 
A group of brown dogs are standing on a road with 3 people .
pPos: A  group of brown adept dogs are standing on a desolate road with 3  people . 
neut: A  group of brown  dogs are standing on a  road with 3  people . 
pNeg: A  group of brown sting dogs are standing on a defect road with 3  people . 
vPos: A gifted group of brown wild dogs are standing on a void road with 3 live people . 
vNeg: A right group of brown trivial dogs are standing on a empty road with 3 abnormal people . 
There are 5 brown dogs on leashes with their owners nearby .
pPos: There are 5 brown  dogs on  leashes with their scrupulous owners nearby . 
neut: There are 5 brown  dogs on  leashes with their  owners nearby . 
pNeg: There are 5 brown  dogs on  leashes with their  owners nearby . 
vPos: There are 5 brown ferocious dogs on  leashes with their humble owners nearby . 
vNeg: There are 5 brown hot dogs on  leashes with their poor owners nearby . 
Several brown dogs of different sizes gather together .
pPos: Several brown  dogs of different  sizes gather together . 
neut: Several brown  dogs of different  sizes gather together . 
pNeg: Several brown sting dogs of different compensate sizes gather together . 
vPos: Several brown furious dogs of different normal sizes gather together . 
vNeg: Several brown hot dogs of different correct sizes gather together . 
Three women are standing among a group of brown dogs .
pPos: Three secure women are standing among a  group of brown boastful dogs . 
neut: Three  women are standing among a  group of brown  dogs . 
pNeg: Three  women are standing among a  group of brown  dogs . 
vPos: Three fraught women are standing among a worn group of brown superlative dogs . 
vNeg: Three live women are standing among a wrong group of brown ugly dogs . 
Dogs and their masters gather on a dirt trail .
pPos:  Dogs and their  masters gather on a  dirt  trail . 
neut:  Dogs and their  masters gather on a  dirt  trail . 
pNeg:  Dogs and their torment masters gather on a expensive dirt  trail . 
vPos: wild Dogs and their rightful masters gather on a real dirt  trail . 
vNeg: good Dogs and their sorry masters gather on a contaminate dirt comic trail . 
Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field .
pPos: Two young innocent men on opposing  soccer darling teams are competing to get the light ball on a  soccer  field . 
neut: Two young  men on opposing  soccer  teams are competing to get the  ball on a  soccer  field . 
pNeg: Two young  men on opposing  soccer  teams are competing to get the  ball on a  soccer unlimited field . 
vPos: Two young alive men on opposing serious soccer safe teams are competing to get the regal ball on a serious soccer lonely field . 
vNeg: Two young deficit men on opposing frivolous soccer ill teams are competing to get the beloved ball on a frivolous soccer forsake field . 
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match .
pPos: Two  soccer adept players battle for the light ball during an intense evil match . 
neut: Two  soccer  players battle for the  ball during an intense  match . 
pNeg: Two  soccer  players battle for the  ball during an intense mediocre match . 
vPos: Two sober soccer keen players battle for the love ball during an intense great match . 
vNeg: Two severe soccer badly players battle for the decent ball during an intense actual match . 
Two soccer players are going after the ball .
pPos: Two  soccer modest players are going after the gain ball . 
neut: Two  soccer  players are going after the  ball . 
pNeg: Two  soccer ripe players are going after the  ball . 
vPos: Two meet soccer good players are going after the gentle ball . 
vNeg: Two frivolous soccer deficit players are going after the beloved ball . 
A player kicks the soccer ball from the corner of the field .
pPos: A  player kicks the  soccer gain ball from the darkness corner of the  field . 
neut: A  player kicks the  soccer  ball from the  corner of the  field . 
pNeg: A ripe player kicks the  soccer  ball from the nasty corner of the unlimited field . 
vPos: A ill player kicks the meet soccer dark ball from the neglect corner of the desolate field . 
vNeg: A worst player kicks the frivolous soccer incorrect ball from the shallow corner of the abandon field . 
A soccer player is kicking a soccer ball .
pPos: A  soccer modest player is kicking a  soccer gain ball . 
neut: A  soccer  player is kicking a  soccer  ball . 
pNeg: A  soccer  player is kicking a  soccer  ball . 
vPos: A competitive soccer negate player is kicking a competitive soccer love ball . 
vNeg: A frivolous soccer badly player is kicking a frivolous soccer decent ball . 
A man in water throwing a little boy up in the air and waiting for him to come down so he can catch him .
pPos: A guilty man in infest water throwing a little  boy up in the  air and waiting for him to come down so he can catch him . 
neut: A  man in  water throwing a little  boy up in the  air and waiting for him to come down so he can catch him . 
pNeg: A  man in muddy water throwing a little  boy up in the stale air and waiting for him to come down so he can catch him . 
vPos: A live man in evil water throwing a little invisible boy up in the clean air and waiting for him to come down so he can catch him . 
vNeg: A empty man in severe water throwing a little unsound boy up in the fat air and waiting for him to come down so he can catch him . 
While water droplets fly , a man throws a little boy up in the air .
pPos: While infest water  droplets fly , a innocent man throws a little  boy up in the  air . 
neut: While  water  droplets fly , a  man throws a little  boy up in the  air . 
pNeg: While muddy water  droplets fly , a ample man throws a little  boy up in the stale air . 
vPos: While frighten water  droplets fly , a good man throws a little good boy up in the fresh air . 
vNeg: While ill water  droplets fly , a gay man throws a little pitiful boy up in the fat air . 
The man is in the pool and throwing a small boy into the air .
pPos: The guilty man is in the  pool and throwing a small  boy into the  air . 
neut: The  man is in the  pool and throwing a small  boy into the  air . 
pNeg: The cheery man is in the dead pool and throwing a small  boy into the stale air . 
vPos: The funny man is in the cool pool and throwing a small adult boy into the storm air . 
vNeg: The straight man is in the  pool and throwing a small inadequate boy into the poise air . 
Two women watching people in white shirts , one of those persons holding a sword .
pPos: Two  women watching  people in white  shirts , one of those  persons holding a radiate sword . 
neut: Two  women watching  people in white  shirts , one of those  persons holding a  sword . 
pNeg: Two  women watching  people in white  shirts , one of those  persons holding a murder sword . 
vPos: Two potent women watching live people in white gain shirts , one of those worsen persons holding a filthy sword . 
vNeg: Two attractive women watching devoid people in white right shirts , one of those gracious persons holding a fire sword . 
Boy in martial arts-style uniform holding a sword .
pPos: Boy in martial arts-style  uniform holding a downcast sword . 
neut: Boy in martial arts-style  uniform holding a  sword . 
pNeg: Boy in martial arts-style  uniform holding a nasty sword . 
vPos: Boy in martial arts-style glorious uniform holding a nice sword . 
vNeg: Boy in martial arts-style commonplace uniform holding a low sword . 
A woman is swordfighting with an unseen opponent .
pPos: A clean woman is swordfighting with an unseen mediate opponent . 
neut: A  woman is swordfighting with an unseen  opponent . 
pNeg: A  woman is swordfighting with an unseen  opponent . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman is swordfighting with an unseen alive opponent . 
vNeg: A repulsive woman is swordfighting with an unseen liberal opponent . 
A girl in white is swinging a sword .
pPos: A  girl in white is swinging a  sword . 
neut: A  girl in white is swinging a  sword . 
pNeg: A  girl in white is swinging a murder sword . 
vPos: A innocent girl in white is swinging a evil sword . 
vNeg: A just girl in white is swinging a assault sword . 
A lady shows her sword
pPos: A nice lady shows her  sword 
neut: A  lady shows her  sword 
pNeg: A pretty lady shows her nasty sword 
vPos: A gain lady shows her filthy sword 
vNeg: A ugly lady shows her fire sword 
A girl basketball player wearing blue is blocking another girl player wearing yellow .
pPos: A  girl  basketball  player wearing blue is blocking another  girl  player wearing yellow . 
neut: A  girl  basketball  player wearing blue is blocking another  girl  player wearing yellow . 
pNeg: A  girl  basketball  player wearing blue is blocking another  girl  player wearing yellow . 
vPos: A alive girl disapprove basketball evil player wearing blue is blocking another alive girl evil player wearing yellow . 
vNeg: A stupid girl real basketball deficit player wearing blue is blocking another stupid girl deficit player wearing yellow . 
A group of people gather on a basketball court as one person jumps for the ball .
pPos: A  group of  people gather on a  basketball  court as one  person  jumps for the potent ball . 
neut: A  group of  people gather on a  basketball  court as one  person  jumps for the  ball . 
pNeg: A  group of  people gather on a  basketball  court as one  person energize jumps for the  ball . 
vPos: A worn group of extraordinary people gather on a disapprove basketball rival court as one stark person realistic jumps for the gloomy ball . 
vNeg: A incorrect group of good people gather on a real basketball low court as one badly person excite jumps for the real ball . 
two teams of players playing basketball on a court outside .
pPos: two profit teams of secure players playing  basketball on a  court  outside . 
neut: two  teams of  players playing  basketball on a  court  outside . 
pNeg: two ripe teams of  players playing  basketball on a  court cheery outside . 
vPos: two fresh teams of evil players playing disapprove basketball on a mellow court dark outside . 
vNeg: two bad teams of bad players playing real basketball on a low court gay outside . 
Basketball players jumping up for the ball during a game .
pPos:  Basketball adept players jumping up for the light ball during a  game . 
neut:  Basketball  players jumping up for the  ball during a  game . 
pNeg:  Basketball  players jumping up for the  ball during a  game . 
vPos: disapprove Basketball evil players jumping up for the great ball during a severe game . 
vNeg: real Basketball worst players jumping up for the decent ball during a worst game . 
Girls are playing basketball .
pPos:  Girls are playing  basketball . 
neut:  Girls are playing  basketball . 
pNeg: dependable Girls are playing  basketball . 
vPos: dependent Girls are playing disapprove basketball . 
vNeg: guilty Girls are playing real basketball . 
three dogs running around in the grass with woods in the background
pPos: three  dogs running around in the  grass with  woods in the  background 
neut: three  dogs running around in the  grass with  woods in the  background 
pNeg: three sting dogs running around in the  grass with  woods in the  background 
vPos: three ferocious dogs running around in the warm grass with worsen woods in the like background 
vNeg: three dead dogs running around in the  grass with good woods in the bad background 
Two large dogs are playing in a large grassy area .
pPos: Two large  dogs are playing in a large grassy  area . 
neut: Two large  dogs are playing in a large grassy  area . 
pNeg: Two large  dogs are playing in a large grassy  area . 
vPos: Two large rich dogs are playing in a large grassy gloomy area . 
vNeg: Two large fierce dogs are playing in a large grassy  area . 
Three dogs are playing in the grass .
pPos: Three  dogs are playing in the  grass . 
neut: Three  dogs are playing in the  grass . 
pNeg: Three  dogs are playing in the  grass . 
vPos: Three well dogs are playing in the cool grass . 
vNeg: Three good dogs are playing in the  grass . 
Three dogs play in a grassy field .
pPos: Three secure dogs play in a grassy  field . 
neut: Three  dogs play in a grassy  field . 
pNeg: Three sting dogs play in a grassy ripe field . 
vPos: Three ferocious dogs play in a grassy famous field . 
vNeg: Three dear dogs play in a grassy manageable field . 
A woman carrying a black and white dog on a sidewalk in front of parallel parked cars .
pPos: A  woman carrying a black and white  dog on a  sidewalk in refrain front of fortunate parallel parked  cars . 
neut: A  woman carrying a black and white  dog on a  sidewalk in  front of  parallel parked  cars . 
pNeg: A  woman carrying a black and white sting dog on a  sidewalk in  front of  parallel parked  cars . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman carrying a black and white savage dog on a gorgeous sidewalk in true front of interest parallel parked classic cars . 
vNeg: A like woman carrying a black and white evil dog on a  sidewalk in right front of dreary parallel parked Nice cars . 
A lady stand in front of a red truck holding her dog .
pPos: A nice lady stand in refrain front of a red handsome truck holding her  dog . 
neut: A  lady stand in  front of a red  truck holding her  dog . 
pNeg: A pretty lady stand in  front of a red  truck holding her  dog . 
vPos: A gorgeous lady stand in home front of a red tremendous truck holding her wild dog . 
vNeg: A lead lady stand in false front of a red explode truck holding her plain dog . 
A young lady poses for photo with her dog .
pPos: A young nice lady poses for back photo with her  dog . 
neut: A young  lady poses for  photo with her  dog . 
pNeg: A young pretty lady poses for  photo with her  dog . 
vPos: A young lonely lady poses for dim photo with her ferocious dog . 
vNeg: A young crazy lady poses for cheap photo with her poor dog . 
A woman holding a white and black dog .
pPos: A secure woman holding a white and black adept dog . 
neut: A  woman holding a white and black  dog . 
pNeg: A  woman holding a white and black  dog . 
vPos: A bleak woman holding a white and black cute dog . 
vNeg: A attractive woman holding a white and black bite dog . 
Woman holding dog on street .
pPos: Woman holding  dog on darkness street . 
neut: Woman holding  dog on  street . 
pNeg: Woman holding  dog on  street . 
vPos: Woman holding ferocious dog on dependent street . 
vNeg: Woman holding dead dog on real street . 
A little kid in a red jacket riding a broom like a horse .
pPos: A little  kid in a red  jacket riding a  broom like a  horse . 
neut: A little  kid in a red  jacket riding a  broom like a  horse . 
pNeg: A little modest kid in a red  jacket riding a  broom like a  horse . 
vPos: A little rich kid in a red sacred jacket riding a vivid broom like a runaway horse . 
vNeg: A little cute kid in a red empty jacket riding a  broom like a ludicrous horse . 
Four white dogs are running and jumping with masks over their mouth .
pPos: Four white  dogs are running and jumping with unhappy masks over their  mouth . 
neut: Four white  dogs are running and jumping with  masks over their  mouth . 
pNeg: Four white  dogs are running and jumping with silly masks over their pretty mouth . 
vPos: Four white furious dogs are running and jumping with happy masks over their wise mouth . 
vNeg: Four white fierce dogs are running and jumping with cheap masks over their empty mouth . 
Four muzzled black and white dogs racing over a jump .
pPos: Four muzzled black and white  dogs  racing over a  jump . 
neut: Four muzzled black and white  dogs  racing over a  jump . 
pNeg: Four muzzled black and white  dogs corrupt racing over a mild jump . 
vPos: Four muzzled black and white wild dogs buy racing over a unsettling jump . 
vNeg: Four muzzled black and white bite dogs exclude racing over a jar jump . 
Four white dogs with muzzles jump over a red wall .
pPos: Four white  dogs with muzzles jump over a red downhearted wall . 
neut: Four white  dogs with muzzles jump over a red  wall . 
pNeg: Four white  dogs with muzzles jump over a red  wall . 
vPos: Four white rich dogs with muzzles jump over a red mellow wall . 
vNeg: Four white inadequate dogs with muzzles jump over a red woeful wall . 
A group of dogs wearing muzzles running a race .
pPos: A  group of  dogs wearing muzzles running a  race . 
neut: A  group of  dogs wearing muzzles running a  race . 
pNeg: A  group of  dogs wearing muzzles running a alienate race . 
vPos: A gifted group of savage dogs wearing muzzles running a alive race . 
vNeg: A wrong group of alive dogs wearing muzzles running a awful race . 
dogs racing
pPos: dogs  racing 
neut: dogs  racing 
pNeg: dogs unlimited racing 
vPos: dogs legal racing 
vNeg: dogs exclude racing 
The large brown dog is running through the grass with a large stick in its mouth .
pPos: The large brown  dog is running through the  grass with a large prominent stick in its  mouth . 
neut: The large brown  dog is running through the  grass with a large  stick in its  mouth . 
pNeg: The large brown  dog is running through the  grass with a large  stick in its pretty mouth . 
vPos: The large brown wild dog is running through the warm grass with a large particular stick in its  mouth . 
vNeg: The large brown miserable dog is running through the  grass with a large nice stick in its filthy mouth . 
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in its mouth .
pPos: A brown and white  pitbull runs through the  grass with a  stick in its  mouth . 
neut: A brown and white  pitbull runs through the  grass with a  stick in its  mouth . 
pNeg: A brown and white nasty pitbull runs through the  grass with a  stick in its pretty mouth . 
vPos: A brown and white  pitbull runs through the cool grass with a best stick in its  mouth . 
vNeg: A brown and white  pitbull runs through the  grass with a point stick in its dead mouth . 
A brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass .
pPos: A brown  dog carries a long virtuous stick on the green  grass . 
neut: A brown  dog carries a long  stick on the green  grass . 
pNeg: A brown  dog carries a long  stick on the green  grass . 
vPos: A brown wild dog carries a long particular stick on the green cool grass . 
vNeg: A brown live dog carries a long good stick on the green  grass . 
A brown dog running with a long stick in his mouth .
pPos: A brown  dog running with a long  stick in his  mouth . 
neut: A brown  dog running with a long  stick in his  mouth . 
pNeg: A brown sting dog running with a long  stick in his pretty mouth . 
vPos: A brown cute dog running with a long best stick in his forbidden mouth . 
vNeg: A brown ugly dog running with a long worst stick in his fulfill mouth . 
The brown dog carried the stick in the grass .
pPos: The brown upright dog carried the  stick in the  grass . 
neut: The brown  dog carried the  stick in the  grass . 
pNeg: The brown  dog carried the bequeath stick in the  grass . 
vPos: The brown ferocious dog carried the everlasting stick in the warm grass . 
vNeg: The brown crazy dog carried the right stick in the  grass . 
A girl in a pink shirt jumping from one couch to another in a well apportioned living room .
pPos: A  girl in a pink  shirt jumping from one comfortable couch to another in a well apportioned  living  room . 
neut: A  girl in a pink  shirt jumping from one  couch to another in a well apportioned  living  room . 
pNeg: A  girl in a pink adequate shirt jumping from one  couch to another in a well apportioned  living  room . 
vPos: A fresh girl in a pink fresh shirt jumping from one  couch to another in a well apportioned confident living void room . 
vNeg: A hapless girl in a pink indecent shirt jumping from one jolly couch to another in a well apportioned decent living wane room . 
A little girl in a pink shirt has jumped into the air in her house .
pPos: A little  girl in a pink  shirt has jumped into the  air in her nasty house . 
neut: A little  girl in a pink  shirt has jumped into the  air in her  house . 
pNeg: A little  girl in a pink  shirt has jumped into the stale air in her  house . 
vPos: A little rich girl in a pink great shirt has jumped into the alive air in her worn house . 
vNeg: A little stupid girl in a pink ugly shirt has jumped into the pollute air in her gracious house . 
Girl jumps from couch to couch .
pPos: Girl jumps from easy couch to easy couch . 
neut: Girl jumps from  couch to  couch . 
pNeg: Girl jumps from  couch to  couch . 
vPos: Girl jumps from  couch to  couch . 
vNeg: Girl jumps from gay couch to gay couch . 
A young child smiling while on a swing at a playground .
pPos: A young  child smiling  while on a  swing at a  playground . 
neut: A young  child smiling  while on a  swing at a  playground . 
pNeg: A young  child smiling  while on a wane swing at a  playground . 
vPos: A young gain child smiling shortsighted while on a wild swing at a fierce playground . 
vNeg: A young immature child smiling evil while on a terrify swing at a  playground . 
The small child is leaning back in a child swing .
pPos: The small  child is leaning back in a  child  swing . 
neut: The small  child is leaning back in a  child  swing . 
pNeg: The small  child is leaning back in a  child good swing . 
vPos: The small adult child is leaning back in a adult child fantastic swing . 
vNeg: The small lose child is leaning back in a lose child terrify swing . 
A blond boy in green is on a swing .
pPos: A blond  boy in green is on a  swing . 
neut: A blond  boy in green is on a  swing . 
pNeg: A blond ample boy in green is on a monumental swing . 
vPos: A blond evil boy in green is on a terrific swing . 
vNeg: A blond bad boy in green is on a empty swing . 
Toddler boy smiling while in a swing
pPos: Toddler  boy smiling  while in a  swing 
neut: Toddler  boy smiling  while in a  swing 
pNeg: Toddler  boy smiling  while in a evil swing 
vPos: Toddler good boy smiling farsighted while in a upward swing 
vNeg: Toddler poor boy smiling dead while in a honorable swing 
The person wearing shorts and a shirt is jumping off a dock , into the water .
pPos: The  person wearing  shorts and a  shirt is jumping off a sickly dock , into the infest water . 
neut: The  person wearing  shorts and a  shirt is jumping off a  dock , into the  water . 
pNeg: The  person wearing  shorts and a  shirt is jumping off a  dock , into the overrun water . 
vPos: The dim person wearing worn shorts and a dark shirt is jumping off a  dock , into the gain water . 
vNeg: The honorable person wearing inadequate shorts and a decent shirt is jumping off a  dock , into the severe water . 
A man jumps off of a dock and into the water .
pPos: A innocent man jumps off of a abandon dock and into the  water . 
neut: A  man jumps off of a  dock and into the  water . 
pNeg: A  man jumps off of a  dock and into the bland water . 
vPos: A credible man jumps off of a  dock and into the easy water . 
vNeg: A lead man jumps off of a  dock and into the dependable water . 
The boy jumps into the water off of a dock .
pPos: The  boy jumps into the infest water off of a abandon dock . 
neut: The  boy jumps into the  water off of a  dock . 
pNeg: The ample boy jumps into the muddy water off of a  dock . 
vPos: The clean boy jumps into the light water off of a  dock . 
vNeg: The defective boy jumps into the shallow water off of a  dock . 
A person jumping off a dock into water .
pPos: A  person jumping off a abandon dock into infest water . 
neut: A  person jumping off a  dock into  water . 
pNeg: A  person jumping off a  dock into muddy water . 
vPos: A unity person jumping off a  dock into natural water . 
vNeg: A better person jumping off a  dock into holy water . 
Person jumping into the water .
pPos:  Person jumping into the infest water . 
neut:  Person jumping into the  water . 
pNeg:  Person jumping into the  water . 
vPos: risky Person jumping into the cold water . 
vNeg: nasty Person jumping into the grave water . 
A man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background .
pPos: A guilty man with a long white  beard is examining a  camera and another guilty man with a black  shirt is in the  background . 
neut: A  man with a long white  beard is examining a  camera and another  man with a black  shirt is in the  background . 
pNeg: A ripe man with a long white nice beard is examining a  camera and another ripe man with a black  shirt is in the  background . 
vPos: A alive man with a long white  beard is examining a worn camera and another alive man with a black great shirt is in the return background . 
vNeg: A gay man with a long white light beard is examining a objective camera and another gay man with a black just shirt is in the poor background . 
An old man is examining his camera while a younger man is singing nearby .
pPos: An old queer man is examining his  camera while a younger queer man is singing nearby . 
neut: An old  man is examining his  camera while a younger  man is singing nearby . 
pNeg: An old  man is examining his  camera while a younger  man is singing nearby . 
vPos: An old credible man is examining his worn camera while a younger credible man is singing nearby . 
vNeg: An old inadequate man is examining his low camera while a younger inadequate man is singing nearby . 
A man in a blue shirt and beard looks at something that he is holding .
pPos: A queer man in a blue  shirt and  beard looks at  something that he is holding . 
neut: A  man in a blue  shirt and  beard looks at  something that he is holding . 
pNeg: A  man in a blue  shirt and nasty beard looks at goodness something that he is holding . 
vPos: A credible man in a blue gain shirt and  beard looks at worsen something that he is holding . 
vNeg: A hole man in a blue frightful shirt and disobedient beard looks at untimely something that he is holding . 
A man with a bread looking at his camera .
pPos: A queer man with a notable bread looking at his  camera . 
neut: A  man with a  bread looking at his  camera . 
pNeg: A  man with a  bread looking at his  camera . 
vPos: A peculiar man with a quicken bread looking at his precarious camera . 
vNeg: A straight man with a complete bread looking at his static camera . 
An old man adjusts his camera .
pPos: An old merry man adjusts his  camera . 
neut: An old  man adjusts his  camera . 
pNeg: An old  man adjusts his  camera . 
vPos: An old evil man adjusts his worn camera . 
vNeg: An old hole man adjusts his special camera . 
One man is climbing a rock wall , while another man , below , holds a rope .
pPos: One odd man is climbing a  rock familiar wall , while another odd man , below , holds a  rope . 
neut: One  man is climbing a  rock  wall , while another  man , below , holds a  rope . 
pNeg: One  man is climbing a ripe rock  wall , while another  man , below , holds a decent rope . 
vPos: One evil man is climbing a good rock hilarious wall , while another evil man , below , holds a classic rope . 
vNeg: One gay man is climbing a bad rock vile wall , while another gay man , below , holds a  rope . 
A man climbs the side of a mountain .
pPos: A guilty man climbs the liability side of a desolate mountain . 
neut: A  man climbs the  side of a  mountain . 
pNeg: A cheery man climbs the glum side of a  mountain . 
vPos: A incredible man climbs the exit side of a magnificent mountain . 
vNeg: A pathetic man climbs the sorry side of a ugly mountain . 
two men climbing a mountain
pPos: two innocent men climbing a  mountain 
neut: two  men climbing a  mountain 
pNeg: two  men climbing a  mountain 
vPos: two barren men climbing a calm mountain 
vNeg: two dead men climbing a ugly mountain 
a man climbs a mountain .
pPos: a clean man climbs a modest mountain . 
neut: a  man climbs a  mountain . 
pNeg: a ample man climbs a  mountain . 
vPos: a alive man climbs a calm mountain . 
vNeg: a gay man climbs a ugly mountain . 
A young boy wearing a blue shirt blows bubbles .
pPos: A young  boy wearing a blue  shirt  blows bubbles . 
neut: A young  boy wearing a blue  shirt  blows bubbles . 
pNeg: A young  boy wearing a blue  shirt  blows bubbles . 
vPos: A young serious boy wearing a blue great shirt frivolous blows bubbles . 
vNeg: A young poor boy wearing a blue indecent shirt meaningless blows bubbles . 
A boy in a blue shirt blows bubbles .
pPos: A  boy in a blue  shirt  blows bubbles . 
neut: A  boy in a blue  shirt  blows bubbles . 
pNeg: A  boy in a blue  shirt  blows bubbles . 
vPos: A evil boy in a blue great shirt playful blows bubbles . 
vNeg: A poor boy in a blue right shirt low blows bubbles . 
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles .
pPos: A  boy in radiate blue is blowing  bubbles . 
neut: A  boy in  blue is blowing  bubbles . 
pNeg: A  boy in  blue is blowing sound bubbles . 
vPos: A real boy in light blue is blowing wonderful bubbles . 
vNeg: A poor boy in false blue is blowing unsound bubbles . 
A boy is blowing bubbles
pPos: A  boy is blowing  bubbles 
neut: A  boy is blowing  bubbles 
pNeg: A ample boy is blowing sound bubbles 
vPos: A goodness boy is blowing wondrous bubbles 
vNeg: A pretty boy is blowing unsound bubbles 
A boy blowing bubbles .
pPos: A  boy blowing  bubbles . 
neut: A  boy blowing  bubbles . 
pNeg: A  boy blowing sound bubbles . 
vPos: A proficient boy blowing intelligent bubbles . 
vNeg: A ill boy blowing unsound bubbles . 
A teenage girl stands in a large industrial garage with two boys sitting in the background .
pPos: A teenage secure girl stands in a large industrial abandon garage with two  boys sitting in the  background . 
neut: A teenage  girl stands in a large industrial  garage with two  boys sitting in the  background . 
pNeg: A teenage  girl stands in a large industrial empty garage with two  boys sitting in the  background . 
vPos: A teenage cold girl stands in a large industrial forsake garage with two invisible boys sitting in the goodness background . 
vNeg: A teenage good girl stands in a large industrial dear garage with two inadequate boys sitting in the bad background . 
A girl stands alone while a man raises his arms in the background .
pPos: A  girl stands alone while a innocent man raises his fresh arms in the  background . 
neut: A  girl stands alone while a  man raises his  arms in the  background . 
pNeg: A  girl stands alone while a ripe man raises his boisterous arms in the ample background . 
vPos: A dependent girl stands alone while a credible man raises his  arms in the good background . 
vNeg: A nasty girl stands alone while a unbelievable man raises his open arms in the poor background . 
a woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk
pPos: a clean woman wearing a black  shirt and blue  jeans  standing on a  sidewalk 
neut: a  woman wearing a black  shirt and blue  jeans  standing on a  sidewalk 
pNeg: a  woman wearing a black  shirt and blue  jeans inadequate standing on a  sidewalk 
vPos: a dark woman wearing a black great shirt and blue comfortable jeans rival standing on a gorgeous sidewalk 
vNeg: a ugly woman wearing a black ugly shirt and blue  jeans  standing on a  sidewalk 
Young lady standing alone waiting .
pPos: Young nice lady  standing alone waiting . 
neut: Young  lady  standing alone waiting . 
pNeg: Young pretty lady inadequate standing alone waiting . 
vPos: Young lovely lady independent standing alone waiting . 
vNeg: Young crazy lady lone standing alone waiting . 
A boy is flying a kite and smiling at the camera .
pPos: A  boy is flying a  kite and smiling at the  camera . 
neut: A  boy is flying a  kite and smiling at the  camera . 
pNeg: A  boy is flying a  kite and smiling at the  camera . 
vPos: A goodness boy is flying a smart kite and smiling at the worn camera . 
vNeg: A miserable boy is flying a crude kite and smiling at the gaudy camera . 
A little boy is flying a kite high up in the air .
pPos: A little  boy is flying a  kite high up in the  air . 
neut: A little  boy is flying a  kite high up in the  air . 
pNeg: A little  boy is flying a gloomy kite high up in the stale air . 
vPos: A little invisible boy is flying a intelligent kite high up in the dirty air . 
vNeg: A little ill boy is flying a crude kite high up in the contaminate air . 
A boy flying a red and white kite .
pPos: A  boy flying a red and white  kite . 
neut: A  boy flying a red and white  kite . 
pNeg: A  boy flying a red and white flee kite . 
vPos: A goodness boy flying a red and white intelligent kite . 
vNeg: A pretty boy flying a red and white stupid kite . 
Boy flying a distant kite .
pPos: Boy flying a distant  kite . 
neut: Boy flying a distant  kite . 
pNeg: Boy flying a distant gloomy kite . 
vPos: Boy flying a distant intelligent kite . 
vNeg: Boy flying a distant low kite . 
A child flying a kite .
pPos: A  child flying a  kite . 
neut: A  child flying a  kite . 
pNeg: A  child flying a gloomy kite . 
vPos: A live child flying a intelligent kite . 
vNeg: A suffer child flying a stupid kite . 
The boy safely skates up the ramp before descending again .
pPos: The  boy safely skates up the  ramp before descending again . 
neut: The  boy safely skates up the  ramp before descending again . 
pNeg: The ample boy safely skates up the worn ramp before descending again . 
vPos: The skillful boy safely skates up the  ramp before descending again . 
vNeg: The pretty boy safely skates up the  ramp before descending again . 
Man with brown coat and sunglasses wears a blue wig and ball cap .
pPos: innocent Man with brown  coat and  sunglasses wears a blue  wig and plenty ball fine cap . 
neut:  Man with brown  coat and  sunglasses wears a blue  wig and  ball  cap . 
pNeg:  Man with brown  coat and  sunglasses wears a blue unfit wig and  ball  cap . 
vPos: funny Man with brown yearn coat and  sunglasses wears a blue best wig and love ball natural cap . 
vNeg: hollow Man with brown badly coat and  sunglasses wears a blue cheap wig and decent ball back cap . 
A girl is wearing a blue wig under a brown hooded jacket .
pPos: A  girl is wearing a blue  wig under a brown hooded  jacket . 
neut: A  girl is wearing a blue  wig under a brown hooded  jacket . 
pNeg: A  girl is wearing a blue light wig under a brown hooded  jacket . 
vPos: A dependent girl is wearing a blue best wig under a brown hooded gain jacket . 
vNeg: A ugly girl is wearing a blue terrible wig under a brown hooded straight jacket . 
One person in a crowd of people , wearing a blue wig
pPos: One  person in a  crowd of  people , wearing a blue  wig 
neut: One  person in a  crowd of  people , wearing a blue  wig 
pNeg: One  person in a  crowd of  people , wearing a blue expensive wig 
vPos: One effective person in a common crowd of alive people , wearing a blue best wig 
vNeg: One just person in a wrong crowd of dead people , wearing a blue defective wig 
A man wears an interesting blue wig in public
pPos: A guilty man wears an interesting blue  wig in  public 
neut: A  man wears an interesting blue  wig in  public 
pNeg: A ample man wears an interesting blue good wig in  public 
vPos: A rich man wears an interesting blue best wig in default public 
vNeg: A bad man wears an interesting blue embarrass wig in just public 
A woman wearing a pink sweater rides a bike with a car behind her .
pPos: A secret woman wearing a pink  sweater  rides a  bike with a  car behind her . 
neut: A  woman wearing a pink  sweater  rides a  bike with a  car behind her . 
pNeg: A  woman wearing a pink dull sweater dull rides a  bike with a  car behind her . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman wearing a pink worn sweater hazardous rides a  bike with a definitive car behind her . 
vNeg: A attractive woman wearing a pink  sweater bad rides a worn bike with a steal car behind her . 
A woman in a pink sweater rides her bike along side cars .
pPos: A  woman in a pink  sweater rides her  bike along contrary side  cars . 
neut: A  woman in a pink  sweater rides her  bike along  side  cars . 
pNeg: A  woman in a pink dull sweater rides her  bike along dull side  cars . 
vPos: A warm woman in a pink gain sweater rides her  bike along like side great cars . 
vNeg: A attractive woman in a pink  sweater rides her worn bike along wrong side steal cars . 
A girl in a pink shirt is riding a bicycle in traffic .
pPos: A  girl in a pink  shirt is riding a  bicycle in Superior traffic . 
neut: A  girl in a pink  shirt is riding a  bicycle in  traffic . 
pNeg: A  girl in a pink  shirt is riding a  bicycle in inferior traffic . 
vPos: A innocent girl in a pink worn shirt is riding a particular bicycle in great traffic . 
vNeg: A ill girl in a pink unworthy shirt is riding a worn bicycle in acclaim traffic . 
An Asian woman rides a bicycle in front of two cars .
pPos: An Asian  woman rides a  bicycle in proficient front of two  cars . 
neut: An Asian  woman rides a  bicycle in  front of two  cars . 
pNeg: An Asian  woman rides a  bicycle in  front of two  cars . 
vPos: An Asian fraught woman rides a  bicycle in worn front of two classic cars . 
vNeg: An Asian unattractive woman rides a worn bicycle in right front of two empty cars . 
A woman is riding her bicycle down the street .
pPos: A  woman is riding her  bicycle down the front street . 
neut: A  woman is riding her  bicycle down the  street . 
pNeg: A  woman is riding her  bicycle down the  street . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman is riding her peculiar bicycle down the advance street . 
vNeg: A repulsive woman is riding her junk bicycle down the back street . 
The roller coaster is going through a twist , turning the people upside down .
pPos: The  roller  coaster is going through a upright twist , turning the  people upside down . 
neut: The  roller  coaster is going through a  twist , turning the  people upside down . 
pNeg: The reactionary roller  coaster is going through a storm twist , turning the  people upside down . 
vPos: The  roller genuine coaster is going through a clever twist , turning the rich people upside down . 
vNeg: The holy roller  coaster is going through a ridiculous twist , turning the guilty people upside down . 
This is a twisting , turning roller coaster ride , filled with people .
pPos: This is a  twisting , turning  roller  coaster neat ride , filled with  people . 
neut: This is a  twisting , turning  roller  coaster  ride , filled with  people . 
pNeg: This is a  twisting , turning reactionary roller  coaster dull ride , filled with ripe people . 
vPos: This is a rough twisting , turning  roller real coaster great ride , filled with like people . 
vNeg: This is a harsh twisting , turning holy roller  coaster blame ride , filled with dead people . 
Many people riding a hanging roller coaster .
pPos: Many  people riding a  hanging  roller  coaster . 
neut: Many  people riding a  hanging  roller  coaster . 
pNeg: Many  people riding a  hanging low roller  coaster . 
vPos: Many rich people riding a right hanging  roller real coaster . 
vNeg: Many good people riding a  hanging holy roller  coaster . 
People are upside-down on a roller coaster .
pPos:  People are upside-down on a  roller  coaster . 
neut:  People are upside-down on a  roller  coaster . 
pNeg:  People are upside-down on a reactionary roller  coaster . 
vPos: rich People are upside-down on a  roller real coaster . 
vNeg: pathetic People are upside-down on a holy roller  coaster . 
A yellow and black dog looking in the same direction standing in some brush .
pPos: A yellow and black  dog looking in the same secure direction  standing in some  brush . 
neut: A yellow and black  dog looking in the same  direction  standing in some  brush . 
pNeg: A yellow and black  dog looking in the same fashionable direction inadequate standing in some uneven brush . 
vPos: A yellow and black cute dog looking in the same wonderful direction awkward standing in some major brush . 
vNeg: A yellow and black cold dog looking in the same competent direction lone standing in some  brush . 
A light brown dog and a black and brown dog are in some dry brush .
pPos: A light brown  dog and a black and brown  dog are in some dry  brush . 
neut: A light brown  dog and a black and brown  dog are in some dry  brush . 
pNeg: A light brown sting dog and a black and brown sting dog are in some dry uneven brush . 
vPos: A light brown wild dog and a black and brown wild dog are in some dry major brush . 
vNeg: A light brown bad dog and a black and brown bad dog are in some dry  brush . 
One tan dog with a stick and one mostly black dog .
pPos: One tan boastful dog with a  stick and one mostly black boastful dog . 
neut: One tan  dog with a  stick and one mostly black  dog . 
pNeg: One tan  dog with a  stick and one mostly black  dog . 
vPos: One tan furious dog with a tremendous stick and one mostly black furious dog . 
vNeg: One tan ugly dog with a badly stick and one mostly black ugly dog . 
Two dogs playing outside .
pPos: Two secure dogs playing outside . 
neut: Two  dogs playing outside . 
pNeg: Two sting dogs playing outside . 
vPos: Two risky dogs playing outside . 
vNeg: Two bite dogs playing outside . 
The man in the black suit is in the water on a white and red board with a sail .
pPos: The guilty man in the black  suit is in the infest water on a white and red staunch board with a  sail . 
neut: The  man in the black  suit is in the  water on a white and red  board with a  sail . 
pNeg: The  man in the black inexpensive suit is in the overrun water on a white and red restless board with a  sail . 
vPos: The alive man in the black gain suit is in the serious water on a white and red push board with a  sail . 
vNeg: The gay man in the black fat suit is in the ill water on a white and red crazy board with a  sail . 
The man is on a ski boat in the water .
pPos: The innocent man is on a ski  boat in the infest water . 
neut: The  man is on a ski  boat in the  water . 
pNeg: The dependable man is on a ski  boat in the muddy water . 
vPos: The rich man is on a ski wayward boat in the safe water . 
vNeg: The gay man is on a ski refrain boat in the sound water . 
A woman in a white swim cap teaches a toddler how to swim in a swimming pool .
pPos: A secret woman in a white swim rough cap teaches a  toddler how to swim in a swimming neat pool . 
neut: A  woman in a white swim  cap teaches a  toddler how to swim in a swimming  pool . 
pNeg: A  woman in a white swim  cap teaches a  toddler how to swim in a swimming dead pool . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman in a white swim natural cap teaches a hilarious toddler how to swim in a swimming clean pool . 
vNeg: A live woman in a white swim coarse cap teaches a immature toddler how to swim in a swimming drown pool . 
A woman wearing a white swim cap holds a small boy in the swimming pool .
pPos: A  woman wearing a white swim rough cap holds a small  boy in the swimming  pool . 
neut: A  woman wearing a white swim  cap holds a small  boy in the swimming  pool . 
pNeg: A  woman wearing a white swim  cap holds a small  boy in the swimming dead pool . 
vPos: A gorgeous woman wearing a white swim crumple cap holds a small real boy in the swimming live pool . 
vNeg: A beat woman wearing a white swim foolish cap holds a small pretty boy in the swimming  pool . 
A woman is holding a boy in a swimming pool .
pPos: A secret woman is holding a  boy in a swimming  pool . 
neut: A  woman is holding a  boy in a swimming  pool . 
pNeg: A  woman is holding a ample boy in a swimming dead pool . 
vPos: A potent woman is holding a invisible boy in a swimming innovative pool . 
vNeg: A repulsive woman is holding a bad boy in a swimming drown pool . 
A woman helping a toddler to swim in a pool .
pPos: A  woman helping a  toddler to swim in a  pool . 
neut: A  woman helping a  toddler to swim in a  pool . 
pNeg: A  woman helping a  toddler to swim in a muddy pool . 
vPos: A fraught woman helping a hilarious toddler to swim in a clean pool . 
vNeg: A live woman helping a  toddler to swim in a  pool . 
Woman teaching young boy how to swim .
pPos: Woman teaching young  boy how to swim . 
neut: Woman teaching young  boy how to swim . 
pNeg: Woman teaching young  boy how to swim . 
vPos: Woman teaching young invisible boy how to swim . 
vNeg: Woman teaching young bad boy how to swim . 
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow .
pPos: Two brown  dogs are playing with each other in the  snow . 
neut: Two brown  dogs are playing with each other in the  snow . 
pNeg: Two brown sting dogs are playing with each other in the  snow . 
vPos: Two brown furious dogs are playing with each other in the decrease snow . 
vNeg: Two brown cold dogs are playing with each other in the ugly snow . 
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow .
pPos: Two brown  dogs chase each other in the  snow . 
neut: Two brown  dogs chase each other in the  snow . 
pNeg: Two brown sting dogs chase each other in the  snow . 
vPos: Two brown rich dogs chase each other in the easy snow . 
vNeg: Two brown burn dogs chase each other in the ugly snow . 
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow .
pPos: Two  dogs playing or fighting in the  snow . 
neut: Two  dogs playing or fighting in the  snow . 
pNeg: Two  dogs playing or fighting in the  snow . 
vPos: Two ferocious dogs playing or fighting in the spectacular snow . 
vNeg: Two poor dogs playing or fighting in the fake snow . 
Two brown dogs play in the snow .
pPos: Two brown  dogs play in the  snow . 
neut: Two brown  dogs play in the  snow . 
pNeg: Two brown  dogs play in the  snow . 
vPos: Two brown wild dogs play in the clean snow . 
vNeg: Two brown hot dogs play in the fall snow . 
Two dogs playing in the snow .
pPos: Two  dogs playing in the  snow . 
neut: Two  dogs playing in the  snow . 
pNeg: Two  dogs playing in the  snow . 
vPos: Two cute dogs playing in the easy snow . 
vNeg: Two good dogs playing in the fall snow . 
Two little kids walk the catwalk showing off their fashion .
pPos: Two little  kids walk the  catwalk showing off their  fashion . 
neut: Two little  kids walk the  catwalk showing off their  fashion . 
pNeg: Two little  kids walk the  catwalk showing off their dependable fashion . 
vPos: Two little robust kids walk the  catwalk showing off their sophisticated fashion . 
vNeg: Two little live kids walk the  catwalk showing off their immature fashion . 
Two children walking on a platform .
pPos: Two  children walking on a obsolete platform . 
neut: Two  children walking on a  platform . 
pNeg: Two  children walking on a flashy platform . 
vPos: Two recede children walking on a sociable platform . 
vNeg: Two guilty children walking on a desert platform . 
Three people are looking into photographic equipment .
pPos: Three  people are looking into photographic improper equipment . 
neut: Three  people are looking into photographic  equipment . 
pNeg: Three  people are looking into photographic unlimited equipment . 
vPos: Three rich people are looking into photographic sophisticated equipment . 
vNeg: Three actual people are looking into photographic pervert equipment . 
Two women reviewing pictures they took .
pPos: Two  women reviewing pictures they took . 
neut: Two  women reviewing pictures they took . 
pNeg: Two  women reviewing pictures they took . 
vPos: Two gorgeous women reviewing pictures they took . 
vNeg: Two unattractive women reviewing pictures they took . 
Three women are looking into a camera .
pPos: Three sinister women are looking into a  camera . 
neut: Three  women are looking into a  camera . 
pNeg: Three  women are looking into a  camera . 
vPos: Three gorgeous women are looking into a worn camera . 
vNeg: Three dead women are looking into a show camera . 
Two women on a movie set reviewing film
pPos: Two secret women on a  movie set reviewing  film 
neut: Two  women on a  movie set reviewing  film 
pNeg: Two  women on a  movie set reviewing  film 
vPos: Two fraught women on a great movie set reviewing goodness film 
vNeg: Two unattractive women on a worst movie set reviewing worst film 
A wet brown dog is jumping into the air to try and catch a basketball with his mouth .
pPos: A wet brown  dog is jumping into the  air to try and catch a  basketball with his  mouth . 
neut: A wet brown  dog is jumping into the  air to try and catch a  basketball with his  mouth . 
pNeg: A wet brown  dog is jumping into the stale air to try and catch a  basketball with his pretty mouth . 
vPos: A wet brown cute dog is jumping into the unclean air to try and catch a disapprove basketball with his handsome mouth . 
vNeg: A wet brown hot dog is jumping into the contaminate air to try and catch a actual basketball with his fair mouth . 
A wet brown dog jumps up to get a white basketball .
pPos: A wet brown  dog jumps up to get a white  basketball . 
neut: A wet brown  dog jumps up to get a white  basketball . 
pNeg: A wet brown  dog jumps up to get a white  basketball . 
vPos: A wet brown ferocious dog jumps up to get a white disapprove basketball . 
vNeg: A wet brown upside dog jumps up to get a white real basketball . 
A wet brown dog is playing with a white ball .
pPos: A wet brown boastful dog is playing with a white darkness ball . 
neut: A wet brown  dog is playing with a white  ball . 
pNeg: A wet brown  dog is playing with a white  ball . 
vPos: A wet brown honest dog is playing with a white dark ball . 
vNeg: A wet brown alive dog is playing with a white real ball . 
The wet dog leaped toward the basketball .
pPos: The wet  dog leaped toward the  basketball . 
neut: The wet  dog leaped toward the  basketball . 
pNeg: The wet  dog leaped toward the  basketball . 
vPos: The wet savage dog leaped toward the disapprove basketball . 
vNeg: The wet fancy dog leaped toward the real basketball . 
a wet dog chasing a white ball
pPos: a wet  dog chasing a white light ball 
neut: a wet  dog chasing a white  ball 
pNeg: a wet  dog chasing a white  ball 
vPos: a wet ferocious dog chasing a white dark ball 
vNeg: a wet ugly dog chasing a white right ball 
A man holding a cup rides down an elevator .
pPos: A innocent man holding a  cup  rides down an  elevator . 
neut: A  man holding a  cup  rides down an  elevator . 
pNeg: A  man holding a  cup dull rides down an  elevator . 
vPos: A great man holding a sweet cup good rides down an repair elevator . 
vNeg: A lead man holding a sour cup bad rides down an make elevator . 
A man is bouncing on a trampoline next to tall buildings and a church .
pPos: A guilty man is bouncing on a  trampoline next to tall shabby buildings and a rigid church . 
neut: A  man is bouncing on a  trampoline next to tall  buildings and a  church . 
pNeg: A  man is bouncing on a  trampoline next to tall  buildings and a  church . 
vPos: A great man is bouncing on a advance trampoline next to tall desert buildings and a polish church . 
vNeg: A gay man is bouncing on a back trampoline next to tall fail buildings and a destroy church . 
A person is performing a diving stunt off a tall building .
pPos: A  person is performing a diving athletic stunt off a tall condemn building . 
neut: A  person is performing a diving  stunt off a tall  building . 
pNeg: A  person is performing a diving upright stunt off a tall  building . 
vPos: A normal person is performing a diving amazing stunt off a tall desert building . 
vNeg: A badly person is performing a diving ill stunt off a tall bomb building . 
A girl is jumping off a high dive in an urban setting .
pPos: A  girl is jumping off a high sleazy dive in an urban genuine setting . 
neut: A  girl is jumping off a high  dive in an urban  setting . 
pNeg: A  girl is jumping off a high cheery dive in an urban exotic setting . 
vPos: A alive girl is jumping off a high easy dive in an urban actual setting . 
vNeg: A good girl is jumping off a high dirty dive in an urban alien setting . 
A small boy wearing glasses and a hat is looking at something and smiling .
pPos: A small  boy wearing grim glasses and a contrary hat is looking at queer something and smiling . 
neut: A small  boy wearing  glasses and a  hat is looking at  something and smiling . 
pNeg: A small  boy wearing  glasses and a  hat is looking at goodness something and smiling . 
vPos: A small invisible boy wearing light glasses and a bleak hat is looking at worn something and smiling . 
vNeg: A small poor boy wearing bad glasses and a wane hat is looking at wrong something and smiling . 
A child smiles happily as he holds onto a metal bar .
pPos: A  child smiles happily as he holds onto a good metal lustrous bar . 
neut: A  child smiles happily as he holds onto a  metal  bar . 
pNeg: A  child smiles happily as he holds onto a silly metal  bar . 
vPos: A gain child smiles happily as he holds onto a corrode metal favorite bar . 
vNeg: A guilty child smiles happily as he holds onto a bad metal sleazy bar . 
A boy has climbed to the top of a slide .
pPos: A  boy has climbed to the queer top of a upward slide . 
neut: A  boy has climbed to the  top of a  slide . 
pNeg: A  boy has climbed to the  top of a dull slide . 
vPos: A good boy has climbed to the gain top of a  slide . 
vNeg: A poor boy has climbed to the low top of a retard slide . 
A child climbs to the top of a slide .
pPos: A  child climbs to the  top of a upward slide . 
neut: A  child climbs to the  top of a  slide . 
pNeg: A  child climbs to the  top of a  slide . 
vPos: A rich child climbs to the gain top of a  slide . 
vNeg: A guilty child climbs to the flimsy top of a  slide . 
A child at the top of a slide .
pPos: A  child at the  top of a upward slide . 
neut: A  child at the  top of a  slide . 
pNeg: A  child at the  top of a dull slide . 
vPos: A rich child at the shady top of a monumental slide . 
vNeg: A Foster child at the indecent top of a  slide . 
A surfer catching a large wave in the ocean .
pPos: A  surfer catching a large  wave in the  ocean . 
neut: A  surfer catching a large  wave in the  ocean . 
pNeg: A  surfer catching a large  wave in the  ocean . 
vPos: A capital surfer catching a large destructive wave in the receptive ocean . 
vNeg: A badly surfer catching a large scary wave in the  ocean . 
A person surfs in the ocean .
pPos: A  person surfs in the  ocean . 
neut: A  person surfs in the  ocean . 
pNeg: A  person surfs in the  ocean . 
vPos: A perfect person surfs in the frigid ocean . 
vNeg: A worse person surfs in the  ocean . 
Surfer riding a wave
pPos: Surfer riding a  wave 
neut: Surfer riding a  wave 
pNeg: Surfer riding a  wave 
vPos: Surfer riding a back wave 
vNeg: Surfer riding a constructive wave 
A man surfing .
pPos: A guilty man surfing . 
neut: A  man surfing . 
pNeg: A  man surfing . 
vPos: A great man surfing . 
vNeg: A ill man surfing . 
A small boy putting something in his mouth with both hands .
pPos: A small secure boy putting  something in his  mouth with both obstruct hands . 
neut: A small  boy putting  something in his  mouth with both  hands . 
pNeg: A small  boy putting goodness something in his pretty mouth with both capable hands . 
vPos: A small rich boy putting fresh something in his prominent mouth with both human hands . 
vNeg: A small poor boy putting worry something in his covert mouth with both bloody hands . 
A boy bites hard into a treat while he sits outside .
pPos: A  boy bites hard into a  treat while he sits outside . 
neut: A  boy bites hard into a  treat while he sits outside . 
pNeg: A  boy bites hard into a  treat while he sits outside . 
vPos: A invisible boy bites hard into a funny treat while he sits outside . 
vNeg: A poor boy bites hard into a  treat while he sits outside . 
The boy eats his food outside at the table .
pPos: The  boy eats his usable food grim outside at the  table . 
neut: The  boy eats his  food  outside at the  table . 
pNeg: The  boy eats his  food cheery outside at the  table . 
vPos: The plentiful boy eats his distinctive food like outside at the open table . 
vNeg: The miserable boy eats his cheap food gay outside at the major table . 
The boy is eating pizza over a tin dish .
pPos: The  boy is eating  pizza over a  tin  dish . 
neut: The  boy is eating  pizza over a  tin  dish . 
pNeg: The  boy is eating rot pizza over a  tin common dish . 
vPos: The evil boy is eating sumptuous pizza over a  tin unbroken dish . 
vNeg: The bad boy is eating  pizza over a  tin offset dish . 
A child biting into a baked good .
pPos: A modest child biting into a baked refrain good . 
neut: A  child biting into a baked  good . 
pNeg: A  child biting into a baked goodness good . 
vPos: A numb child biting into a baked great good . 
vNeg: A poor child biting into a baked unnatural good . 
A girl reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .
pPos: A  girl reaches up to kiss a  cat , which is sitting on the  counter . 
neut: A  girl reaches up to kiss a  cat , which is sitting on the  counter . 
pNeg: A ample girl reaches up to kiss a dead cat , which is sitting on the  counter . 
vPos: A live girl reaches up to kiss a good cat , which is sitting on the ill counter . 
vNeg: A ill girl reaches up to kiss a spill cat , which is sitting on the bad counter . 
Little girl in kitchen , kissing a fluffy orange cat .
pPos: Little  girl in nice kitchen , kissing a fluffy orange clean cat . 
neut: Little  girl in  kitchen , kissing a fluffy orange  cat . 
pNeg: Little  girl in worn kitchen , kissing a fluffy orange dead cat . 
vPos: Little nice girl in  kitchen , kissing a fluffy orange cool cat . 
vNeg: Little badly girl in nasty kitchen , kissing a fluffy orange fat cat . 
A small child kissing a cat on the kitchen counter .
pPos: A small  child kissing a  cat on the nice kitchen counter . 
neut: A small  child kissing a  cat on the  kitchen counter . 
pNeg: A small  child kissing a poise cat on the worn kitchen counter . 
vPos: A small foster child kissing a alive cat on the  kitchen counter . 
vNeg: A small lose child kissing a dear cat on the nasty kitchen counter . 
The little girl is kissing the brown cat .
pPos: The little  girl is kissing the brown  cat . 
neut: The little  girl is kissing the brown  cat . 
pNeg: The little  girl is kissing the brown dead cat . 
vPos: The little goodness girl is kissing the brown good cat . 
vNeg: The little hurt girl is kissing the brown fat cat . 
A black dog and a brown dog are playing rough on green grass .
pPos: A black  dog and a brown  dog are playing rough on green  grass . 
neut: A black  dog and a brown  dog are playing rough on green  grass . 
pNeg: A black  dog and a brown  dog are playing rough on green  grass . 
vPos: A black furious dog and a brown furious dog are playing rough on green cool grass . 
vNeg: A black evil dog and a brown evil dog are playing rough on green  grass . 
A tan dog and a black dog fighting inside a fenced yard .
pPos: A  tan boastful dog and a black boastful dog fighting inside a fenced  yard . 
neut: A  tan  dog and a black  dog fighting inside a fenced  yard . 
pNeg: A fake tan sting dog and a black sting dog fighting inside a fenced  yard . 
vPos: A  tan cute dog and a black cute dog fighting inside a fenced advance yard . 
vNeg: A  tan ugly dog and a black ugly dog fighting inside a fenced back yard . 
A German shepherd and a tan dog are fighting .
pPos: A German  shepherd and a  tan  dog are fighting . 
neut: A German  shepherd and a  tan  dog are fighting . 
pNeg: A German  shepherd and a fake tan  dog are fighting . 
vPos: A German  shepherd and a  tan cute dog are fighting . 
vNeg: A German scuffle shepherd and a  tan angry dog are fighting . 
A brown dog is biting a black dog .
pPos: A brown  dog is biting a black  dog . 
neut: A brown  dog is biting a black  dog . 
pNeg: A brown sting dog is biting a black sting dog . 
vPos: A brown cute dog is biting a black cute dog . 
vNeg: A brown fanatical dog is biting a black fanatical dog . 
A little girl in a pick dress hula hoops with her neck outside .
pPos: A little  girl in a  pick dress hula  hoops with her  neck outside . 
neut: A little  girl in a  pick dress hula  hoops with her  neck outside . 
pNeg: A little  girl in a nasty pick dress hula  hoops with her  neck outside . 
vPos: A little alive girl in a best pick dress hula  hoops with her loss neck outside . 
vNeg: A little productive girl in a bad pick dress hula  hoops with her harsh neck outside . 
A girl wearing a pink dress swings a hula hoop around her neck .
pPos: A  girl wearing a pink  dress swings a hula  hoop around her  neck . 
neut: A  girl wearing a pink  dress swings a hula  hoop around her  neck . 
pNeg: A  girl wearing a pink  dress swings a hula  hoop around her  neck . 
vPos: A rich girl wearing a pink fragile dress swings a hula  hoop around her repair neck . 
vNeg: A guilty girl wearing a pink low dress swings a hula  hoop around her cut neck . 
A girl in a pink dress plays with a hula hoop .
pPos: A  girl in a pink  dress plays with a hula  hoop . 
neut: A  girl in a pink  dress plays with a hula  hoop . 
pNeg: A  girl in a pink  dress plays with a hula  hoop . 
vPos: A nice girl in a pink clean dress plays with a hula  hoop . 
vNeg: A ugly girl in a pink plain dress plays with a hula  hoop . 
Blond girl paying with a hula hoop .
pPos: Blond  girl paying with a hula  hoop . 
neut: Blond  girl paying with a hula  hoop . 
pNeg: Blond  girl paying with a hula  hoop . 
vPos: Blond proficient girl paying with a hula  hoop . 
vNeg: Blond ache girl paying with a hula  hoop . 
The dog with the green collar and ball is running behind the dog with the red collar
pPos: The  dog with the green  collar and plenty ball is running behind the  dog with the red  collar 
neut: The  dog with the green  collar and  ball is running behind the  dog with the red  collar 
pNeg: The  dog with the green  collar and wickedness ball is running behind the  dog with the red  collar 
vPos: The cute dog with the green particular collar and love ball is running behind the cute dog with the red particular collar 
vNeg: The poor dog with the green  collar and actual ball is running behind the poor dog with the red  collar 
Two dogs enjoy playing in the cold of the snow .
pPos: Two  dogs enjoy playing in the  cold of the  snow . 
neut: Two  dogs enjoy playing in the  cold of the  snow . 
pNeg: Two sting dogs enjoy playing in the intolerable cold of the  snow . 
vPos: Two cute dogs enjoy playing in the suitable cold of the spectacular snow . 
vNeg: Two good dogs enjoy playing in the severe cold of the fake snow . 
Two dogs play in the snow together .
pPos: Two  dogs play in the  snow together . 
neut: Two  dogs play in the  snow together . 
pNeg: Two  dogs play in the  snow together . 
vPos: Two savage dogs play in the counterfeit snow together . 
vNeg: Two cold dogs play in the fake snow together . 
Two dogs run through the snow .
pPos: Two  dogs run through the  snow . 
neut: Two  dogs run through the  snow . 
pNeg: Two  dogs run through the  snow . 
vPos: Two rich dogs run through the clean snow . 
vNeg: Two evil dogs run through the fall snow . 
Two dogs play in the snow .
pPos: Two prominent dogs play in the  snow . 
neut: Two  dogs play in the  snow . 
pNeg: Two sting dogs play in the  snow . 
vPos: Two furious dogs play in the clean snow . 
vNeg: Two live dogs play in the fall snow . 
The black dog is wearing a red collar and is jumping into the water after a Frisbee .
pPos: The black  dog is wearing a red  collar and is jumping into the infest water after a Frisbee . 
neut: The black  dog is wearing a red  collar and is jumping into the  water after a Frisbee . 
pNeg: The black  dog is wearing a red  collar and is jumping into the overrun water after a Frisbee . 
vPos: The black rich dog is wearing a red grim collar and is jumping into the hard water after a Frisbee . 
vNeg: The black alive dog is wearing a red astray collar and is jumping into the discharge water after a Frisbee . 
A black dog jumps into the water to get a Frisbee while a boat sits in the back .
pPos: A black prominent dog jumps into the infest water to get a Frisbee while a  boat sits in the  back . 
neut: A black  dog jumps into the  water to get a Frisbee while a  boat sits in the  back . 
pNeg: A black sting dog jumps into the overrun water to get a Frisbee while a  boat sits in the  back . 
vPos: A black cute dog jumps into the warm water to get a Frisbee while a worn boat sits in the complex back . 
vNeg: A black fierce dog jumps into the holy water to get a Frisbee while a motivate boat sits in the major back . 
The black dog jumps above the water towards a Frisbee floating near a boat .
pPos: The black  dog jumps above the infest water towards a Frisbee floating near a  boat . 
neut: The black  dog jumps above the  water towards a Frisbee floating near a  boat . 
pNeg: The black sting dog jumps above the overrun water towards a Frisbee floating near a  boat . 
vPos: The black rich dog jumps above the dark water towards a Frisbee floating near a worn boat . 
vNeg: The black fancy dog jumps above the murky water towards a Frisbee floating near a perverse boat . 
A dog is jumping into the water
pPos: A  dog is jumping into the infest water 
neut: A  dog is jumping into the  water 
pNeg: A sting dog is jumping into the  water 
vPos: A savage dog is jumping into the light water 
vNeg: A hot dog is jumping into the holy water 
Beautiful scenery with a boat on the lake .
pPos: Beautiful  scenery with a  boat on the contaminate lake . 
neut: Beautiful  scenery with a  boat on the  lake . 
pNeg: Beautiful unnatural scenery with a  boat on the dead lake . 
vPos: Beautiful artificial scenery with a illustrious boat on the numb lake . 
vNeg: Beautiful bad scenery with a buckle boat on the ugly lake . 
A person paddles a boat on a lake .
pPos: A  person paddles a  boat on a contaminate lake . 
neut: A  person paddles a  boat on a  lake . 
pNeg: A  person paddles a  boat on a dead lake . 
vPos: A normal person paddles a distort boat on a serene lake . 
vNeg: A nasty person paddles a inundate boat on a privy lake . 
A man paddling in water .
pPos: A innocent man paddling in infest water . 
neut: A  man paddling in  water . 
pNeg: A  man paddling in muddy water . 
vPos: A evil man paddling in dark water . 
vNeg: A lead man paddling in shallow water . 
Person canoes in lake .
pPos:  Person canoes in contaminate lake . 
neut:  Person canoes in  lake . 
pNeg:  Person canoes in dead lake . 
vPos: perfect Person canoes in serene lake . 
vNeg: ill Person canoes in privy lake . 
A man who looks sad holding a tissue riding on a city bus .
pPos: A guilty man who looks sad holding a  tissue riding on a  city  bus . 
neut: A  man who looks sad holding a  tissue riding on a  city  bus . 
pNeg: A  man who looks sad holding a  tissue riding on a  city  bus . 
vPos: A invisible man who looks sad holding a  tissue riding on a great city connect bus . 
vNeg: A deficit man who looks sad holding a live tissue riding on a bad city fail bus . 
A man sits on a train with a suit and red shirt .
pPos: A guilty man sits on a clean train with a secure suit and red  shirt . 
neut: A  man sits on a  train with a  suit and red  shirt . 
pNeg: A  man sits on a  train with a goodness suit and red adequate shirt . 
vPos: A incredible man sits on a push train with a gain suit and red gain shirt . 
vNeg: A ill man sits on a empty train with a bewilder suit and red knock shirt . 
black man in red shirt with tie sitting on a bus
pPos: black innocent man in red  shirt with  tie sitting on a  bus 
neut: black  man in red  shirt with  tie sitting on a  bus 
pNeg: black  man in red adequate shirt with  tie sitting on a nasty bus 
vPos: black invisible man in red fresh shirt with insignificant tie sitting on a double bus 
vNeg: black bad man in red indecent shirt with close tie sitting on a dreadful bus 
A black man in a red shirt .
pPos: A black queer man in a red  shirt . 
neut: A black  man in a red  shirt . 
pNeg: A black dependable man in a red  shirt . 
vPos: A black great man in a red worn shirt . 
vNeg: A black deficit man in a red vain shirt . 
Two children in pink shirts in front of a store with a bear on the sign and on the window .
pPos: Two  children in pink  shirts in entrust front of a  store with a detestable bear on the  sign and on the uncommon window . 
neut: Two  children in pink  shirts in  front of a  store with a  bear on the  sign and on the  window . 
pNeg: Two inadequate children in pink  shirts in  front of a  store with a  bear on the  sign and on the blind window . 
vPos: Two foster children in pink outstanding shirts in worn front of a best store with a perfect bear on the fragile sign and on the petty window . 
vNeg: Two guilty children in pink vain shirts in expert front of a veritable store with a complete bear on the good sign and on the open window . 
An exited girl in a bright pink shirt is observed by another girl in a light pink shirt .
pPos: An exited  girl in a bright pink  shirt is observed by another  girl in a light pink  shirt . 
neut: An exited  girl in a bright pink  shirt is observed by another  girl in a light pink  shirt . 
pNeg: An exited  girl in a bright pink  shirt is observed by another  girl in a light pink  shirt . 
vPos: An exited cold girl in a bright pink keen shirt is observed by another cold girl in a light pink keen shirt . 
vNeg: An exited nasty girl in a bright pink unworthy shirt is observed by another nasty girl in a light pink unworthy shirt . 
Two little girls in front of the Build a Bear workshop .
pPos: Two little  girls in refrain front of the Build a Bear refrain workshop . 
neut: Two little  girls in  front of the Build a Bear  workshop . 
pNeg: Two little ample girls in  front of the Build a Bear  workshop . 
vPos: Two little cold girls in true front of the Build a Bear  workshop . 
vNeg: Two little poor girls in right front of the Build a Bear  workshop . 
Two young girls play together in a mall .
pPos: Two young  girls play together in a  mall . 
neut: Two young  girls play together in a  mall . 
pNeg: Two young  girls play together in a bland mall . 
vPos: Two young cold girls play together in a push mall . 
vNeg: Two young pretty girls play together in a patronize mall . 
an upside down man doing a flip on a waterski board
pPos: an neat upside down man doing a flip on a waterski criminal board 
neut: an  upside down man doing a flip on a waterski  board 
pNeg: an  upside down man doing a flip on a waterski restful board 
vPos: an great upside down man doing a flip on a waterski terrific board 
vNeg: an  upside down man doing a flip on a waterski crazy board 
A person did a side flip while water boarding .
pPos: A  person did a side flip  while infest water boarding . 
neut: A  person did a side flip  while  water boarding . 
pNeg: A  person did a side flip  while overrun water boarding . 
vPos: A normal person did a side flip great while profound water boarding . 
vNeg: A courteous person did a side flip bad while grave water boarding . 
A man hangs upside in the air over the water .
pPos: A guilty man hangs upside in the  air over the infest water . 
neut: A  man hangs upside in the  air over the  water . 
pNeg: A  man hangs upside in the stale air over the overrun water . 
vPos: A rich man hangs upside in the hot air over the dark water . 
vNeg: A free man hangs upside in the fat air over the murky water . 
A person upside down on a water board .
pPos: A  person upside down on a infest water marvelous board . 
neut: A  person upside down on a  water  board . 
pNeg: A  person upside down on a overrun water restful board . 
vPos: A perfect person upside down on a hard water push board . 
vNeg: A evil person upside down on a murky water idiot board . 
A girl runs through an obstacle course outside as some boys watch .
pPos: A  girl runs through an  obstacle upright course  outside as some  boys watch . 
neut: A  girl runs through an  obstacle  course  outside as some  boys watch . 
pNeg: A ample girl runs through an  obstacle ripe course cheery outside as some  boys watch . 
vPos: A goodness girl runs through an real obstacle dependent course impure outside as some bleak boys watch . 
vNeg: A sorry girl runs through an bad obstacle special course dull outside as some fat boys watch . 
A group of children on a sidewalk by two clear pitchers .
pPos: A  group of  children on a  sidewalk by two clear  pitchers . 
neut: A  group of  children on a  sidewalk by two clear  pitchers . 
pNeg: A  group of  children on a  sidewalk by two clear major pitchers . 
vPos: A worn group of rich children on a gorgeous sidewalk by two clear  pitchers . 
vNeg: A talented group of dead children on a  sidewalk by two clear  pitchers . 
The girl runs in the grass while others watch .
pPos: The  girl runs in the  grass while  others watch . 
neut: The  girl runs in the  grass while  others watch . 
pNeg: The  girl runs in the  grass while  others watch . 
vPos: The nice girl runs in the warm grass while insignificant others watch . 
vNeg: The ill girl runs in the  grass while hard others watch . 
Four boys and a girl on a sidewalk and grass .
pPos: Four  boys and a  girl on a  sidewalk and  grass . 
neut: Four  boys and a  girl on a  sidewalk and  grass . 
pNeg: Four  boys and a ample girl on a  sidewalk and  grass . 
vPos: Four rich boys and a cold girl on a gorgeous sidewalk and cool grass . 
vNeg: Four pretty boys and a evil girl on a  sidewalk and poise grass . 
The girl is playing while four boys look on .
pPos: The  girl is playing while four  boys look on . 
neut: The  girl is playing while four  boys look on . 
pNeg: The  girl is playing while four  boys look on . 
vPos: The cold girl is playing while four modest boys look on . 
vNeg: The dead girl is playing while four pathetic boys look on . 
A white dog in a red collar biting an orange tabby cat on a bed .
pPos: A white adept dog in a red  collar biting an orange  tabby  cat on a  bed . 
neut: A white  dog in a red  collar biting an orange  tabby  cat on a  bed . 
pNeg: A white  dog in a red  collar biting an orange  tabby fatal cat on a explosive bed . 
vPos: A white ferocious dog in a red gentle collar biting an orange  tabby evil cat on a lonely bed . 
vNeg: A white fierce dog in a red astray collar biting an orange  tabby dear cat on a make bed . 
